Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Soon you can earn Xbox achievements on your Nintendo Switch. No really, it's so weird.
And the gaming world turns with years old gaming high score drama taking a big twist this week.
We get into all this and more this week on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back.
It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, April 15th of 2018.
Don't forget your taxes here in the US, even though you have until the 17th.
But anyway, episode 726 of our show with myself, Rob Roberts.
And by my side as she always is, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
This beverage is amazing.
What are you drinking over there?
It's the peppermint cocoa.
Oh that chocolate truffle thing. I don't even remember where I got it now.
It's delicious and it makes me feel happy to be alive.
Even though they're not paying us, I will give a shout out to Keurig.
Because those machines have changed my life.
Except Keurig can go suck on an egg for that whole DRM with the coffee.
But I think that's kind of in the past now.
I think they figured that they kind of can't win with that.
You know what?
What?
I use a drip.
Not a machine.
I have a cup that I put a filter in.
Yeah, you do old school.
I do old school coffee.
You don't even have a percolator.
I do have a percolator.
You do have a percolator.
I have a Pyrex percolator from 1958.
There you go.
That's good. Yeah.
My granny told me two months before she died, never get rid of it.
And I'm saying good to that.
It will go to my grave.
Good for you.
No, I was at Easter Sunday at my family, my aunt and uncle.
And their coffee percolator is probably from the 50s as well.
And it was one of those, like, I had a moment where I was using it.
I was like, wow, I don't remember the last time I had coffee out of a percolator.
Like, you know, everything now, even at the restaurants,
everything is like that just, you know, flowing through the filter.
You know, just the giant machine.
That's how the work machines work.
That's how Starbucks really does, you know, most of their stuff.
So just like, wow, a percolator.
The only other way that I will get it that is really, really good too.
And it deserves a shout out.
And I know this isn't a coffee podcast.
It's a video game podcast.
But let's be real.
I drink a lot of coffee when I stay up late playing video games.
French press.
I have a couple of French presses.
In fact, if you want my extra, you can have it.
Oh, we have one.
But it's just that there's something so satisfying about the plunger.
It was the French.
Well, I have two things on my list to get from Michael.
Now, keep in mind, I can't have caffeine anymore.
So it's all decaf for me.
Right.
But I want a mocha pot, which is basically like an Italian percolator.
That's metal and has the two sides it uses and a siphon.
Both of them use the same, you know, theory.
A percolator does because it uses vacuum pressure.
It's science, but coffee.
Coffee and science.
What a way to wake up.
That would be a good name of a Facebook page I would like.
It is science, but coffee.
Stimulating for body and mind.
Right.
Say hello to the ever stimulating comments from tech master Loki.
Science.
Stimulating or scintillating.
How are you, Loki?
Little column A, little column B.
How many times have you seen Ready Player One at this point?
Just twice.
Just twice?
No, I can't get out to the theaters every weekend because kids and wife.
It's just like, yeah.
Yeah.
What a life.
You're falling behind.
Shane is on, I think, seven viewings of Love, Simon, and we're going with him tonight after
the show.
Late movie tonight.
Is good.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean, I totally see it again.
Have you ever seen a movie that many times in the theater?
I saw Independence Day every single day up to Independence Day.
So, like, we actually got to see like, it was like three or four days in a row.
Welcome to Earth.
That movie was classic.
I never bothered to see the sequel.
Tell me the sequel was...
The sequel was terrible.
Don't see the sequel.
In fact, I don't think I watched the sequel, but I've heard it's terrible.
Let me quickly, I want to say hi to the chat room over at live.vog.network.com because
we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right
after Bobby Black Wolf at The Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Although it is a, it's a little bit of a weird week.
SSG100Matt said classic Rob intro in our chat room.
And yeah, it was, it was my voice in the intro tonight because Jason has the night off.
He's traveling.
Bobby Black Wolf was not here tonight.
He's at a Weird Al concert, which let's be real is a great reason.
I'm going through the same one next month.
Oh yeah.
Cause he's touring.
At the Crest.
Science.
Anyway, uh, let me ask the chatters and you guys here in studio, what is the movie you've
seen the most number of times in the theater like that?
What are you doing?
I don't think about it.
No counting the Rocky Hort picture show.
Well, that's too easy.
That's too easy.
That's my obvious answer.
I've seen Return of the Jedi a total of eight times in the theater.
Three of them when it first came out because I saw it with various family members and five
times as an adult with the re-release.
Okay.
Um, I've also seen all of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movies, the original three, four
times in the theater each.
I've seen Bill and Taz Bogus Journey six times in the theater.
Seen Pump Up the volume four times in the theater.
I've seen Tron six times.
Um, I saw, um, uh, the Phantom Menace twice.
Actually, I saw, um, the last one twice already.
You sat through the Phantom Menace twice?
Not the Phantom Menace.
Why am I saying the Phantom Menace?
I meant, um, the last Jedi wakes up from his nap.
Oh, episode seven.
Basically.
Yeah.
But, um, gosh, I've seen, I think I've seen Gremlins.
No, I take that back.
I've seen Ghostbusters 10 times in the theaters.
So I think that is the one I've seen the most.
Wow.
Cause I saw it a few times as a kid and then it went to the cheap movie and I saw it there
and then, um, I've seen it three more times as an adult on Halloween showings.
Let's see.
For me, um, all that comes to mind is other cult movies because I've seen Repo, the genetic
opera, like easily like 20, 25 times.
I don't think that counts too.
If you've done shadow cast.
Yeah, I know.
It's like the shadow, like even I'm like shock treatment.
I've probably seen a good six or seven theater.
Yeah.
But that's also, and it's, it's, it's, I had to see it that many times to finally appreciate
the movie because if you don't know what shock treatment is, it's the quote unquote, it's
not the sequel to the Rocky Horror Picture Show, but it's like the, what if these characters
were in a different place in a different time type of thing?
It's, it's, it's really high concept, but here's the American horror story of the, it
is, it is.
It's like, okay, that's actually a perfect way to describe it.
It's American horror story, but like the second like chapter first time I saw that
was when Evan was living with Jessica and he made those cookies.
Yes.
Here's the thing about shock treatment though.
It's like a parody of reality television made in 1981.
Like actually the movie would like now in retrospect was actually like really, really
ahead of its time and it has a really good soundtrack, almost like it's a parody of let's
make a deal.
Kinda.
I mean, the audience and everything.
Yeah.
And you get to see Dame Edna, but like not as Dame Edna.
Like Dame Edna as, I don't even remember, Barry Humphries, you see Dame Edna as Barry
Humphries in that movie.
So and Ruby Wax, like all these like, like they're more known like, like obviously Dame
Edna is what Australia, Ruby Wax UK.
So like a lot of people here in the US don't know, although Ruby Wax had a show on Fox
in the nineties.
Do you remember the Ruby Wax show?
I remember the Ruby Wax show.
Anyway, this is really obscured.
I remember the RuPaul show though.
It's going to be one of those nights.
I saw Kung Pao maybe four times in the theaters.
Okay.
There you go.
What about Kung Fury?
I saw that one time in the theater.
Oh, I have seen, um, hot fuzz four times in the theater.
The only, okay.
The non cold movies that come to mind, I saw, don't tease me.
Do not tease me.
I saw Titanic three times in the theater.
Do you want to know how I saw Titanic?
How?
On a boat?
I think that's, that's the way to see it.
I wish I had gone down with that boat.
No.
We had a, um, an Emmy's viewing tape bootleg.
Oh, okay.
And that's how I saw it.
What Emmy's?
You mean Oscars?
Oscar, sorry, whatever.
An Oscars, um, uh, pre-release viewing thing.
So it was while it was still in the theater, but we had that and it was the same night
I saw American beauty.
It was weird.
Okay.
So that movie came out when I was in college and I had a lot of lady friends that wanted
to see it repeatedly because that, by the way, to answer Tiger call's question as to
how many times I've seen Howard the Duck as a kid and, um, twice.
That movie, like when we was Titanic, I don't think I've ever sat through the whole thing
because like I remember that was like back in the day via the company I used to work
at the previous company that was like a video distributor or whatever.
My dad actually, he used to deliver to that company even before I ever got there.
I was still in high school.
So he used to get the screeners for movies and stuff.
So that's how he got Titanic to watch it.
Oh my God.
It's like such a soul sucking, boring ass movie.
Like I just like after the first day I'm like, I can't, I cannot do this much cooler.
I saw Tron legacy three times in the theater.
So that is my better answer.
Yeah.
Ties.
Ties a little more into video games, but I do want to read some of the answers in our
chat over at live dot vog network.com.
Dungeon buster says I almost never see a movie twice in the theater unless it's really something
I've enjoyed and someone who hasn't seen it wants to go.
Same with the exception of Tron legacy.
I just wanted to see that a million times.
Um, Oh, can I count that Muppet movie?
How about captain EO?
I've seen captain EO.
Yeah.
Captain EO.
I've seen a bunch of times easily.
Yeah.
I fucking love captain EO.
Okay.
Um, go going back to the real answers in the chat.
Uh, SGL and her mat also says Ghostbusters five times to the theater.
Dungeon buster says, I can't remember how many times I've rewatched Raiders of the Lost
Ark.
Uh, let's see.
But it has to be in a theater.
Act F says the first Avengers are the first guardians of the galaxy.
I think I saw those movies three or four times in the theater.
Uh, active says Shrek as well.
Uh, SJ says, what about guilty pleasure?
Multiple showings.
I saw anger management three times in the theater.
Fifth dream says I saw Terminator two twice on the same day.
That's pretty good.
Okay.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, great.
I love it.
Uh, thank you for the answers over in our chat.
We're talking in a theater, live.vognetwork.com that you have to go in and sit and look at
a screen that's the size of your house.
Yes.
All right.
Well, not necessarily like the art house theater in Chico when I lived there for a few years
probably was somebody's house and the screen was probably as big as this television that's
in our living room or in our studio.
I mean, I've also, my, my church had return of the Jedi on a full reel with a projector.
Nice.
When I was a kid.
Was I saw it a bunch that time.
Did they have like the safe for church version or something?
I don't even know.
It's not like that movie was very bad anyway.
Was it?
It wasn't.
I didn't want to leave.
I just know sometimes movies had like the safe for, you know, or the, the G rated cut
or whatever.
You know what I say to that?
Oh God, the show girls VH one edit is great where they draw on all the bras.
That is my favorite.
Yeah.
It's like that.
Was it, um, safe for work porn thing that they have, you know, where they do like the
like Microsoft paint stuff.
All right.
Anyway, look, uh, we talk about video games once in a while here on this show.
Okay.
From movies, I'm going to go to music because for our kickoff topic tonight, I've had a
little bit of Coachella on the brain this weekend because I don't know about you guys,
but my Twitter timeline last night was lit the fuck up.
Just remember the owner of Coachella supports anti LGBT.
I understand.
However, it needs to be said that Beyonce, the queen of pop basically lit the fuck up
out of that event last night.
So shady dealings aside and all that, it's what people are talking about.
And I want to think about video game concerts and video game music and you know, going to
see stuff for video games live.
So I'm kind of asking a couple of questions here tonight.
The first one would be, do you have any good like video game concerts that you've been
to?
Video game related things.
Um, you know, it could be an actual video games concert.
Like, um, let's see.
I remember going with announcer Jason here at OLR.
We went, it was the first E3 I think I ever went to and he was there too.
And we went to go see the final fantasy live concert.
Was it dear?
Yeah.
It was dear friends.
You were there too.
No, Jason and I went one year.
Didn't we go to more friends?
I don't remember.
It's Final Fantasy though.
Did we all go?
Maybe we all did.
I don't know.
I saw video games live.
Is that the universal thing?
No, that was more friends.
Friends was at universal.
That was, and that wasn't as good, but dear friends was the first year at the Walt Disney
Symphony hall that, that we would, I'm positive with that with Jason because I've seen video
games live.
I remember we were sitting right next to Nobui Matsu and we had no idea.
We're like, why is this seat like all taped up and everything?
And they're like, Oh, Nobui Matsu comes in the theater and sits right next to us.
And I was like, okay, that's a thing that just happened.
Um, but anyway, uh, that was, that was great.
Live symphony.
And uh, my other like symphony story would be video games live.
Uh, when I saw that, when it came through Oakland, uh, that was actually the first time
I ever met Alan in person.
So Alan and I were friends online on live journal for years, but we, that was the first
time we met in person and it was captain spike from Game Buoy who actually was like, Oh,
don't you guys like know each other online?
Have you ever met in person, Rob, Alan, Alan Rob.
So, uh, and that was that.
So yeah, that was a video game related thing.
I would say another one that's, that's kind of video game related is when I was fortunate
enough to see Utada Hikaru at the Fillmore in San Francisco, which is a pretty small
venue.
I mean, I'm pretty sure Utada Hikaru sells out much bigger venues in Japan, but getting
to see her in that smaller venue in, um, which, you know, kingdom hearts, she did.
If I do, if I do recall correctly, she did play simple and clean.
So, um, I can say that as an answer.
That was a great concert too.
And I think again, I think captain spike is who I went to that with.
So it's kind of funny how that all goes together.
What about you guys?
What like good video game concerts have you seen?
I opened this up to chat as well.
Got to see Mari Ijima, who was, uh, uh, Min May's voice actor in, uh, Macross back in
the day.
I've got to see, um, some of her concerts.
I've seen a few, um, live shows at conventions, you know, just that.
That's about it.
Okay.
Well, I saw more friends.
That was it.
More friends wasn't nearly as good as dear friend, like the acoustics in that place was
wasn't great.
So it's kind of, I think they, they never did that concert again, but the final fantasy
stuff kind of like tours, it comes through different towns every now and again.
So it's pretty fun.
Uh, looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com, um, let's see, uh, I'm looking at some comments
here.
Some people talking about Coachella and what Jamie had said earlier, uh, as 200, Matt says,
mag fest, the live performance of the journey game that they played an orchestra while someone
played the game.
That was cool.
Yes.
I was there for that too.
That was one of the years I went, Matt.
It was, uh, Austin Wintory was actually there directing it and people were playing the game.
That was rad.
I agree with you on that.
Thank you for reminding me of that.
Uh, fifth dream says I went to a live official Pokemon event one year and it had a live stage
show with a game show kids signing a kids singing the Johto theme song and people dressed
like may and some Pokemon running around.
They showed an episode that wasn't out yet.
Does that count?
Sure.
That works.
I love it.
Um, and as Joe and her mat also points out, a lot of my best video game related concerts
have been at magfest.
Okay.
Now let me ask question number two, what video game concert would you like to see?
And it doesn't have to be something that exists.
Just is there like a dream video game related concert that you would just love to see?
Like what would be your dream festival?
Dark soccer.
What would be like a video game concert you would love to see?
I would have liked to have been able to go to the Macross seven live concerts.
Those have been great because Macross seven is probably my favorite of the Macross series
and I love all the music from it.
Um, but I don't, I don't really know.
I mean, I've gotten to see all the concerts I've really wanted to see because I saw gorillas
and there's nothing really else video game or anime or anything related that I would
super want to see.
I mean, if it came up to it, I would really like to have like a whole just synth pop orchestra
of, you know, eight bit or 16 bit music.
That would be really, really fun.
What about you Logie?
If we're going to get ultra ridiculous with this.
Why not?
Um, yeah, I'd say either like something, I would have liked to see something like a DJ
hero type thing where they're, you know, mixing stuff together or we'll have like all Eurobeat,
you know, what in the middle of a drift racing race, like just like just racing and Eurobeat
music.
Nice track and Eurobeat.
Hell yeah.
I'm down for that.
That's great.
Uh, let's see.
For me, I want to see Hatsune Miku just because it's so over the top.
Like I just, I have to see it for myself.
I have to see what those concerts are like for myself.
So that's one that I really want to see.
But like my fantasy thing would be, I would love, and I know many of you out there would
agree with me, at least I hope you would.
I would love to see like a Tetsuya Mizuguchi concert that's like res live.
That would be awesome.
I want to see Yuzo Koshiro and like do live stuff.
Oh yeah.
Yuzo Koshiro.
That would be cool too.
That would be another, that would be a good driving thing as well.
Is Jack still doing any of those live venues anymore?
I think he's on my Facebook.
I thought Tako had a kid.
I think so.
I don't know.
He's on Facebook.
I wouldn't mind actually seeing Akira Yamaka do some of his live events.
You know, funny enough over in our live chat over at live.vognetwork.com, MXC says I want
to go to a Silent Hill concert.
There you go.
Brad from Paw Culture says the music from Bioshock.
As shown under Matt says DDR the orchestra symphonic experience.
I love it.
Act F agrees that Tetsuya Mizuguchi would be awesome.
Also Nobuyoshi Sano would be another dream concert there.
Oh man, with Mizuguchi though, can you imagine they can do res, which would be amazing, luminous,
which I would love, and Space Channel 5.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the concert I really want to see.
I'm surprised.
A live Space Channel 5 demonstration, you know.
Heck yeah.
The whole audience has to go choo, choo.
That would be awesome.
All right.
Anyway, Fifth Dream closed it up here saying-
Holographic Space Michael with that.
I want to see one of those Persona concerts.
Oh yeah, a hologram concert.
Would you go to a Michael Jackson hologram concert?
Probably.
I was still disappointed they never did that Gorillaz one.
Because they were going to do a whole Gorillaz tour that way, but they found a big problem
during the Grammy Awards when Madonna came out to do her segment and the bass was so
loud that it made the hologram shake.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
So they couldn't manage the decibel level to keep because, you know, light is all a
wavelength.
Sure.
And so is sound.
So one can interfere with the other.
All that Hatsune Miku stuff though is all holograms.
It is.
That's the only thing I can think of.
So maybe the technology is better.
Well, yeah.
Or maybe just with Hatsune Miku it's not as-
She doesn't drop the bass like everybody else does.
She's super cartoony too, so maybe it's okay to-
It's Gorillaz.
Yeah, that's true.
Gorillaz is pretty cartoony too.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Yeah, Tiger Claw says they could have just turned down the bass.
Why not?
Anyway.
All right.
Thank you for indulging my kickoff topic thought here on concerts.
Let's move on to our gaming weeks before we get into the week's gaming news.
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
Dark Soccer.
How was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I've just been really slow, really busy, so I played a lot of pinball.
Dan has The Getaway Working, which is the sequel to High Speed.
Another Steve Ritchie table.
I've played a bit of that and a bit of Black Knight 2000 and Medieval Madness.
And that's really about it.
That and my phone games, which I'm not going to bother with.
Lots of Animal Crossing.
So I just want to say, because I've gotten...
So remember how before the show you guys were like, why does chat seem so empty tonight?
So here's what's going on.
It looks like our chat applet isn't working.
I've had two people send me private messages that the chat applet isn't working.
So hi, if you guys are listening.
So that is the live.vog network, it isn't working.
So there is another way you can get into the chat room.
You have to be somewhat familiar with IRC, unfortunately, but you can go to...
If you have an IRC client, you just go anywhere on the Gamesurge network, which is IRC.Gamesurge.net,
and then we are in channel or hashtag vog.
And that's another way you can find us, an IRC client.
Obviously that's a little more complicated and old school.
That's why we like to have the chat applet, but Bobby would be my guy to fix those sorts
of issues, if it even is something he can fix, I don't know.
And unfortunately he is at the concert right now, and so we're just gonna have to dance
around that.
So I apologize if you guys aren't able to be here live in our chat room.
But you can get in the old school way through IRC would be one way to do it.
They might actually have an applet at Gamesurge.net that might work.
And then again, you just have to join channel vog, because there's a lot of other gaming
related channels on the network, but vog is the one that you'd find us in.
So good luck to those listening, and I'm sorry the chat applet is down, but it's a little
bit above my pay grade right now on where that issue is lying.
Alright, if there's nothing else for Dark Soccer's gaming week, then we will head on
over to Wokey.
I didn't play much this week, but I did usual Dance Dance Revolution Extreme.
I played actually some Pokemon Go, a little bit more than usual because I was at more
parks, and so I was just doing that, and then I ran into the whole event that they had going
on.
Well, they have an event going on right now for all the Gen 1 stuff, so that's nice.
Double candy and everything.
And then they have the sheep one for a few hours, which I didn't have that many spawn.
I mean, and I was at a park where there was a ton of shit spawning.
It's just two sheep.
And then, just a few self-holding games.
That's pretty much it.
I didn't play any Far Cry, because my wife's been taking the TV with every show.
I'm watching like eight shows at once.
Great.
Good times.
Alright, if there's nothing else for you, then my gaming week.
I also had a Pokemon Go-filled week, especially today, Community Day.
See, we went down to the Capitol, which seemed to be the meeting point.
So there's two big parks downtown.
There's Capitol Park, which is obviously where the Capitol is, and then there's another one,
I think it's Southside is the name of it, South Ridge, Southside Park.
Well, Southside Park had a grilled cheese festival.
Yes, they brought in all these food trucks to do grilled cheese, and that was the thing.
But you had to pay money to get into it.
So because of that, all the people that we usually go to Southside were also at the Capitol.
So the Capitol was kind of lit today.
There was a lot of people there, like a lot of people walking around there.
And it was fun.
And I almost felt bad, though, because you know how they have the Vietnam Memorial there?
They were doing some sort of memorial or tribute.
I know it had to be something about memorial because they were playing Amazing Grace.
And I almost kind of felt bad because there's like all these like people were being respectful
kind of playing around it, you know, so that there's like people aren't going through this
event here.
But I was just like, oh, man, you know, with all these like people everywhere, that's that's
kind of a bummer.
But you know, what can you do?
But be respectful.
That's all you can do.
So anyway, but we played at Capitol Park, everything was lured, Pokemon were spawning
nonstop, I caught five shiny Mareeps.
So I was pretty impressed.
I didn't think I was gonna get that many because after the first hour, I only had one.
And I was like, all right, well, I'm gonna be happy if I just get out of here with three,
like, I'll be super happy, because I can have one of each evolution.
But I ended up with five.
So I was pretty thrilled with that.
So that was that was Community Day.
I'm liking these Community Day events a lot.
It certainly is working a lot better than Go Fest in Chicago did.
I think it's, you know, getting the people out.
And people say it's like when the game first came out.
But I would say today at Capitol Park was even more people than that.
And yeah, just, you know, it's cool to have the incentives for a short time to do a little
more walking was good way to get some exercise, hang out with people.
So you know, kudos to Niantic on the Pokemon Go Community Days.
I had a lot of fun with it.
And I look forward to seeing what they do next month because I was expecting since they
did Bulbasaur, I thought we would get Charmander, Squirtle would have been the next two months.
But then we get Mareep today in the middle of the Kanto events.
I don't know what they were thinking.
That's weird.
But I mean, don't be wrong.
The little pink sheep is adorable.
So isn't it like, I can't remember the phrase like some comes in like a lamb goes out like
a lion or something like that.
Is that May or April that they used to say that?
I don't know.
I know what expression you're talking about, but I don't.
Yeah.
I thought that maybe in the wine that all got replaced now with it's gonna be May.
That's that's the new thing people say around the end of April.
Let's see what other games I've been playing this week.
A little less Nino Cooney to sadly, I don't think I've really touched a lot of that this
week.
That's nothing bad.
It's just I've actually kind of had a busy week personally.
So I haven't had a lot of time for games.
But when I am gaming, I'm playing more DJ Max Respect, which I know my music gaming
fans are going to be happier to hear that out there.
I'm still playing that.
I've been playing more six button, eight button songs.
I did a stream of it the other night.
I am loving the DLC.
Like the DLC is what is making that game great.
Like the Classic Y DLC is on point.
If you have DJ Max Respect, you must buy the Classic Y DLC.
It is awesome.
All the Classic Y songs are great.
And it's not just them.
It's other stuff that's mixed in too.
So I think it's like 20 bucks, but it's really, really good.
I think the reason why DJ Max Respect maybe isn't like flying off the digital shelf is
it is still a $50 game.
So I think once that game kind of comes down a little bit in price and if they can kind
of get it some more visibility on the store or something, I think 20 bucks for the base
game and 20 bucks for Classic Y is going to be really hard to argue with.
That's going to be a great combo.
If you like music games, if you don't like music games, then you probably are not going
to like DJ Max Respect.
I don't think there's a whole lot there for you.
Otherwise, I can't think of a lot.
I think I was playing random stuff on Xbox 360 with, or Xbox One, excuse me, with the
360 backwards compatibility.
And I think I went in there and played Path of Exile for a little bit because that's on
Xbox One as a free download and it's on my system.
So I played a little bit of that, but nothing, I just spent a ton of time really with any
other console or, oh, no, there was one other PC game I'd played a lot of, Overwatch.
And yes, I know I play quite a bit of Overwatch all the time anyway, but they did the whole
Retribution, I think is the name of it, the event.
They started a new event in Overwatch and it's basically the PvE event where you still
team up with three other people, but it's a little more like Mass Effect multiplayer
was, which I loved where you're doing the waves of enemies that are coming at you.
But it's not like, it's not like Mass Effect was all kind of on a stationary map where
in this, you kind of move from place to place, you're kind of clearing out the enemies in
each place.
And then there's some like that are harder, like boss enemies and stuff.
So it's great.
Like it's a really fun PvE event.
And I really wish this was a permanent mode in the game.
I kind of think it will be eventually.
I think PvE will be how Overwatch does an expansion later on, because I don't see where
like this game is going to sustain for years and years and years.
I mean, let me rephrase, because obviously there's tons of people that still play online.
You have Overwatch League and all this other stuff, but like, you know, how is Overwatch
going to keep getting people to drop money on it years and years after release?
I mean, sure, they can release new skins and new loot boxes and all that, but I mean, Blizzard,
what works for them in other places, what they've done for Diablo, what they've done
for World of Warcraft, what they've done for all these other games, they do expansions.
So I think Overwatch would be great to do like a PvE expansion would work really well
for them that takes these modes like Retribution and the Uprising they did last year and kind
of expand on it.
That way they could do something that isn't like new heroes, right?
Because that would be the tempting thing is that you put new heroes in an expansion, but
people would probably be kind of irritated about that because they'd be like, well, wait,
all the heroes are supposed to be for free, but they could put like this PvE and it would
be like a completely separate experience for Overwatch in an expansion.
And I think that would make a lot of sense for where Blizzard could go next.
But I mean, we'll see, I guess.
Looking in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, some folks agree with me on my positive feeling
for Overwatch Retribution.
Vidpower says Overwatch Retribution is legit.
Actf says Overwatch Retribution is pretty awesome.
It felt like Left 4 Dead for me.
And Actf says the bosses in Retribution are kind of like Left 4 Dead bosses.
So good comparison there.
Yeah, Left 4 Dead.
I always forget about that.
You know why?
Because there hasn't been a new one in years.
So anyway, if you have Overwatch, even though I'm talking about expansion PvE, this Retribution
thing is a free event.
So go check it out and yeah.
And hopefully at some point the game, I will get good favor and I will get my Kris Jenner
Sombra outfit because there's a new outfit for Sombra that makes her look like Kris Jenner
and I want it.
So yes, I do not have it yet.
I haven't gotten a single.
I've probably gained like four levels.
Got all my loot boxes for the week.
I haven't gotten a single skin that's unique to the Retribution event and I'm a little
huffy about it.
So hopefully next week my luck will turn around.
We'll see.
All right.
Actf in chat says I need the Moira Blackwatch costume.
I have been having a lot more fun playing Moira.
She is a lot of fun.
Now that I'm learning how to use her better, where I use her little dart thing where she
goes invisible for a minute to get behind enemies or get behind the other team and maybe
in a room or something to get behind them and zap them, it's so much fun.
But I've been doing a lot of streaming with my buddy Delvin from Video Game Realist and
he always picks Moira.
But that's fine because at least you know the team has a healer and I get to play something
like Junkrat or Pharah, which I also enjoy playing a lot.
So there you go.
All right.
Let's see.
I don't know of any shows off we have coming up until June.
I know you're not going to be here for a week or two, Jamie.
You're going to be going to Drag Con, not Dragun Con, but Drag Con.
Yes.
I'll be getting a different kind of geek on.
That'll be fun.
You're gonna have a lot of fun with that.
I'm a little jealous I can't go, but you know, it is what it is.
So you'll be gone for a couple or a week, maybe two in May.
Possibly.
It depends on if I can get back in time on Sunday.
But we'll still be.
Loki and I'll still be here.
Yes.
We might invite invite a friend of ours to take the third chair that night and keep on
going here.
We will have the week after our 16th anniversary.
Oh my God.
Show's old enough to drive.
Our 16th anniversary.
The week after that, we will be off.
That's always a great way to reward ourselves with a birthday is a week off.
Anyway, you can always follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O.L.R.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And again, if you're just joining us this evening and you're having problems getting
in the chat room, apparently it's a pretty widespread issue.
I guess even the game surge clients and folks are having problems with that.
So I apologize.
It looks like the only way you can really get in is with an IRC client, which I use
M.I.R.C. on my PC here in the studio.
I do know that some exist on the phones.
You can get IRC apps for your phones, but a lot of those cost money.
So and, you know, I don't think you should have to pay money unless you really, really,
really want to.
I should always give a shout out for our Discord as well, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
I don't really read live comments from the Discord because it's just too much to monitor
more than one chat room.
But you can always leave us a feedback there.
And we do read it throughout the week.
We do interact.
It's a good it's a better chance to actually get us to write in chat is by using our Discord.
So if you're not already there, check that out, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And in our chat, actdeft recommends Andro IRC is free and pretty easy to use.
Yeah, I think that's what I have.
That must be an Android thing because I don't have it because I'm on iPhone.
The one I have on iPhone is called, oh, hell, what is it called?
Something lime something is what it's called.
Lime chat.
Yeah, lime chat.
That's what I have.
But I had to pay five bucks for it.
So not everybody may agree with me there.
So.
All right.
Anyway.
Our listener is that I'm looking.
She just sent me another picture of the game surge thing not working either.
So yeah.
What a mess.
Sorry, guys.
Hopefully it's something that if it's not working on game surges own site, that's something
that they're gonna have to take a look at that will probably get fixed in the next week.
So it's it's a temporary thing, I guess.
All right.
Let's move on to some actual gaming news.
For now.
Loki.
Yeah, this is kind of unusual, but I guess it's something that we can expect.
Since they're partnering up with Microsoft for this cross play stuff.
So Microsoft is doing that Minecraft Better Together update that's going out to all the
different platforms that Minecraft is on.
One of those being the Switch.
And with that, because, you know, it is forcing you to basically create an Xbox Live account
in order to be able to communicate across platforms, you also get achievements.
So you can actually earn achievements in the Switch version of the game.
Well, Microsoft achievements.
And then also on other platforms as well.
So like mobile platforms and stuff, you can earn achievements as well.
So it's pretty interesting that the first achievement system that will be on Nintendo's
platform will actually be Microsoft's.
That is so weird to me.
But at the same time, okay, is it but it's not necessarily I mean, I know a lot of the
headline grabbing stuff is saying, oh, it's Xbox achievements.
But technically, the Microsoft system is built into Windows as well, right?
Right.
Yeah, you can actually download like Microsoft Solitaire and micro like a lot of the stuff
in Microsoft Store, which I know not everybody uses all the time.
But if you actually go to Microsoft Store, you can actually see some of their free games
in there.
And some of them have achievements like there's like a minesweeper game with achievements
and all that, that you get on PC.
And they also tie into what was classically your Xbox score.
So it's not really an Xbox thing.
It's a Microsoft thing.
Yeah.
So knowing that Microsoft now owns Minecraft, is this as big of a leap as some of these
sensationalist headlines are making us believe?
It's interesting just because it's not really a Microsoft platform per se.
It's other systems.
Can you imagine getting Xbox achievements on, you know, the PlayStation?
Yeah.
Well, some of the funny shit I'm reading is that, well, Nintendo should just let Microsoft
design their achievement system, you know.
Why even just let them design their achievement system and just have them do the online system?
Why not just let Nintendo connect to Xbox Live?
Why not just be done with all of it and just while we're at it, hey, why don't we just
let Nintendo games play on the Xbox, you know, one?
Form an alliance to take out something.
Let's just do that.
It'll give everybody what they want.
We'll have a solid online network for the Switch and people will get, you know, Nintendo
being a third-party developer for other systems.
It's win-win.
Looking in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Rama in chat says, yes, Minecraft is cross-platform.
Just remember that they're the ones hosting the servers for the game, which explains the
need for a Microsoft account.
Oh, yes, that's come up before with the whole cross-platform and why Sony was like, oh,
hell to the nah as to why they were not going to go cross-platform because they did not
want people to have to have a Microsoft account to play it because it's a little silly.
Well, I kind of get it.
I kind of get it.
You know what I mean?
Like, you know, Sony's not going to bend over and give Microsoft that one.
Oh, you're not going to play nice with our system.
Well, we're just not going to let you play with your friends.
You can just go buy another system and do that.
I'm honestly surprised that Microsoft continues to release Minecraft for the PlayStation,
to be quite honest.
I would think that Microsoft would have made that essentially a Microsoft exclusive, an
Xbox exclusive, a PC exclusive.
Although I can see again maybe where it does benefit them, especially with the Switch being
portable and everything, to continue to do it for the Switch.
But I'm really surprised that Microsoft just didn't say, you know, we're just going to
drop the PlayStation.
Minecraft 2 comes out eventually.
Oh, it'll be on it.
They're fucking assholes about it.
Maybe we don't need to release it on the same platform.
Do you think Minecraft 2 will have, I've been, I'm kind of sick of predicting it.
I feel like every, I've said to every E3 for the past two or three years, I said, Microsoft
bought Minecraft.
They're going to put out Minecraft 2.
It has to happen someday.
And yeah, I agree.
When Minecraft 2 comes out, it'll be out on Xbox and PC first.
I don't think they're actually going to release Minecraft 2.
They have their whole storefront is where they're making their money, I think, allegedly.
Allegedly.
All right.
I don't know.
I would, I mean, yeah, maybe you have to be like some really, you know, breathtakingly
advanced thing.
Rama in chat says Minecraft isn't exclusive because Microsoft owns the company itself
for releasing the game, not the game.
That's the difference.
Well, yes and no.
I mean, Microsoft would still, would be well within their rights still to tell said company,
well, because we ultimately own you, you're not putting this out on Sony's platform.
Now I'm sure they're, and to be fair, the reason why they are still releasing it for
PlayStation is that people are buying it on PlayStation and they're making money at the
end of the day.
So that's fine.
They don't need to necessarily ban it from the system, what they could do.
Timed exclusive.
You get it a year later.
That's true.
You know, this isn't, the Minecraft is also not the first example of a Microsoft related
studio doing this because Viva Pinata was on the DS of it, like not the exact same Viva
Pinata game, but you know what I mean?
There was like a spinoff game that was on the DS.
And I think it's that same type of logic.
It wasn't coming from Microsoft.
It was coming from, you know, one of their own studios, but
Ah yes, Viva Pinata.
That was going to be a thing.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, they did, they did get a TV show and they, they, they, they almost had
it.
Yeah.
There was a Viva Pinata cartoon.
Don't you remember?
No.
Where were you?
It wasn't, it wasn't very long, but there was one.
Vidpower says Viva Pinata games were so good.
So some people, they were, they were fans with that.
So SSG100Matt in chat says, it's like Disney going to take away all their Disney movies
along with their properties from Netflix when they come out with their own service.
Oh yeah.
And that's why I kind of think Disney sucks for doing that.
But at the same time, like Netflix and Hulu and those companies, they are stepping it
up when it comes to creating originals.
You know what I mean?
Like, there are so many originals on both those that are coming out.
And Oh, darn.
Oh, I can't watch my digital versions of Disney movies.
Oh wait, there's piracy on the internet.
That's right.
I guess I'll just pirate that.
I actually think the Disney service stands to do very well because kids, people are going
to be like, wait a minute, I can just pay $10 a month and have a babysitter with like
an infinite supply of movies.
Yes, please.
That's what they're going to do.
Or you can just pay $0 a month and put them on YouTube.
Kids app.
Okay.
Here's the reality though.
If that Disney thing, and tell me if y'all agree in chat over at live.vognetwork.com
If you can get in.
Sorry.
So it's, it's hardwired in my brain to keep saying live.vognetwork.com and I realized
the chat room is down.
I'm sorry.
Um, but, uh, here's the thing that would get me to, uh, instantly purchase that Disney
thing if they have a Tron related anything, if they bring back Tron uprising or whatever
the anime was, I would, I'd do it.
You're shaking your head.
You wouldn't do it.
They wouldn't do it.
It wouldn't do it.
You gotta do something Tron.
We had some stories on shaking and crying about some interesting reboots.
They were talking about doing on Disney.
Yeah.
Like Tron.
Oh, Tron.
Wasn't one of them.
I don't think.
You're supposed to be rebooting that.
Really?
Well, I'm speaking of reboots.
They rebooted reboot and it's fucking terrible.
It's like, what the hell is this shit?
Like I saw reboot, I'm like, Ooh, reboot.
And I'm like, well, wait, what's all this live action bullshit.
Uh, anyway, um, yeah, I just on the whole like Hulu and Netflix and all this and how
they're competing thing.
Like, um, I know y'all know, I watch a lot of RuPaul's drag race and I have a podcast
that I host with some friends about it called reading is fundamental.
Um, but in following drag race and stuff, they used to tape their show.
Drag race was done at the Hollywood center studios for years and years, which is right
in the heart of Hollywood, like right off of Hollywood Boulevard, which is not the most
glamorous part of town, but there were some studios there.
They have not been able to film there for the past couple of years because, and as Ru
said on, on his podcast, uh, Netflix and Hulu have rented all that space for like a year
out.
So they've had to tape the most recent season.
That's why a drag race season 10 looks different because they taped it at a whole different
studio.
They're out in the Valley now or something.
I can see that because they have like, was it the Joel McHale show and oh my God.
Now they just like lost in space.
Just came out this year.
I watched, it was, it was all right.
It was like, eh, this is a, I mean this is sort of lost in space, but it's like, okay.
Brad from pop culture and chat just marathon the lost in space reboot.
That's what he says there.
I watched the first episode.
It was all right.
I mean, it's just like, I was, I don't know.
I like, it might get better.
Yeah, I'll, I'll check it out.
I never was a huge fan.
Like I liked the movie.
I liked the remade movie that they did, which was pretty much terrible, but I liked it anyways.
Um, and I was like, okay, I'll give this a chance, but it was all right.
And I mean, I don't know.
It was a little, it's funny though.
It's like, like, don't get me wrong then the show is like, it's pretty, there's a lot of
drama in the show.
Like, I mean, it's pretty intense, I think for kids and stuff, but they have it in the
Netflix kids section.
I'm like, uh, I can't see my kids watching that in this.
They just have a thicker skin this day and age.
It's like, oh fuck, no they don't.
There's probably kids watching Stranger Things and like, there's a few scenes in Stranger
Things that are like, I don't know if I'd want a kid to see that.
But they did have the remade Speed Racer on there.
The Speed Racer movie, the Wachowski one that everyone hates that I think is fantastic.
But um, I'm like trying to get my kids to watch that.
That movie has its fans though.
But they, they, they, they only want to watch random episodes of different Power Rangers
stuff now.
My son is just like super in the Power Rangers.
Oh my God.
Why haven't you just hired Shane as a babysitter?
They could all do that together.
It's just like that.
He just, he loves Power Rangers.
He keeps asking.
Are you sure?
Sure.
He's your kid.
Yes.
Cause I, I, well the second one, no, technically I did not see the second one removed from
my wife.
She had to go on surgery and it was an emergency surgery so they could have swapped it with
somebody else.
The first one I know is mine.
Okay.
Or at least I know it was my wife's.
Oh my God.
I'm dying.
All right.
Anyway.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, mom.
Let's move on.
Change the subject, please.
All right.
Let's talk a little bit about, uh, this actually, it doesn't just affect a Nintendo, but there's
a lot of gaming blogs that are running this on how this affects Nintendo because if you've
ever had a Nintendo warranty, which, you know, if you buy a Nintendo product, there
is a warranty.
You probably haven't read a lot of it, but anyway, the warranty does state this warranty
shall not apply if this product is used with products not sold or licensed by Nintendo.
So you may not have known that, but like remember when the third party doc was bricking consoles?
Technically Nintendo can wash their hands of that because you voided your warranty because
you used it with products not sold or licensed by Nintendo.
But then I'm thinking, God, how many third party stuff is like right there on the shelf?
Like it's pretty crazy.
Anyway.
Well guess what?
Because the FTC this week put out a statement that says policies like this are illegal.
That's right.
According to the FTC quote, unless warrenters provide the parts or services for free or
receive a waiver from the FTC, such statements generally are prohibited by the Magnuson Moss
warranty act, a law that governs consumer product warranties.
So the FTC actually sent Nintendo a letter warning them of this.
And so Nintendo is going to have to change their wording.
So I had heard of this affecting other stuff in the industry as well.
So it's very, I heard that this also applied to like, you know, televisions, well just
anything that has like warranty voided.
If you remove this sticker type thing, pillows, if you cut the tag illegal, if you cut the
tag, well, that's illegal.
If you cut the tag before you, I know, I know it's before you purchase, yeah, I know
it's different.
Anyway.
Um, but yeah, the, uh, that's, that's a very interesting thing about warranty.
So Nintendo is going to have to, I guess, kind of be nice, nice with the third party
stuff now, or they've got to go get a waiver or they're going to have to hold themselves
to this some other way.
So that is interesting how that ruling is having a pretty big effect on gaming, especially
again.
I can't help but think of Nintendo in the third party docs, so, all right, moving on
Dark Sakura, let's go to your next story.
It is an end of an era because the king has been dethroned, deposed, and there's drama.
Isn't there always drama in classic arcade gaming?
Well, um, and this, I'm sure everyone knows it by now, but Billy Mitchell has been ousted
from twin galaxies for cheating because the points that he submitted, um, his one of the
1,047,200 point score on Donkey Kong was proven to have been done with an, uh, emulator.
And they do have an emulator category, but he submitted it as having been on the original,
um, hardware.
And, um, as it stands, um, he is actually banned from taking part in further competitions
in the future, um, and they submitted the findings to the Guinness Book of World Records
to strike his record there too.
Um, and he is completely banned, including his achievements in Pac-Man as well.
So yeah, he has, and it's funny, there was a conversation that, uh, Dan had this morning
with one of his buddies on the phone where when, um, Walter, uh, what's his name?
Walter Day.
Yeah, that for him, it was easy to overlook even if he knew it was going on because Billy
Mitchell was a good PR guy.
Billy Mitchell brought attention, more attention to twin galaxies, especially then when we
had the whole King of Kong going on, even though it painted him as the villain in their
little story.
You know, that was an exercise in hyperbole, but, um, didn't you, didn't you meet, didn't
we meet Walter Day once?
I'm all positive we did.
You know why?
Okay.
So before we were here at VOG Network, we were on another network, um, called all games.com
and they're still around and kicking and I got nothing but good things to say about them.
Go check them out.
Cause I got a lot of great indie gaming podcasts too.
Um, but all games.com, the time we were there, they had that show, All Games Interactive,
which was Scott and, uh, um, um, Lawrence and all them host that show.
Well, that show kind of became Drama Central for classic arcade gaming.
And I'm not saying that in a negative way.
Anybody that listened to it during those years would agree with me.
It became Drama Central for these classic arcade gaming disputes because of the whole
Mr. Awesome saga and the whole missile command stuff like this went on for like years, right
on that shot.
Like I swear to God, they never made it.
So anyway, my point is, it's just, it's kind of funny that like all these years later,
this drama is still going when I'm sitting in the back of my mind going, you know, the
common denominator in all of this with all due respect is Walter Day.
I'm just, but you, but you, well, and this just plays into what you're about to say,
right?
Well, it's just that, you know, it seems to me that he would have been willing to turn
to blind eye when it's, you know, one of his PR, you know, one of the people bringing a
lot of good attention to twin galaxies, but now there's new blood and who apparently isn't
going to stand for any cheating.
And I'm, I'm glad for that because it sullies the reputation and good standing of using
twin galaxies as some sort of standard.
So and on top of that, it's not like it needs, you know, Billy Mitchell's reputation behind
it anymore.
I don't think that he's made a comment on it himself, but honestly enough, I, it's sad,
but I'm not, I don't really feel sorry for him.
If you cheat, you deserve to be held accountable for it.
And if this is what being held accountable is, it'll set a really good warning for other
others who would cheat the same way.
So I, I approve.
I think what's kind of sad about the whole thing is the fact that Billy Mitchell, like,
he wasn't bad at Donkey Kong.
No, he was really good.
You know, he has played the game live.
And I realized there's this whole dispute about the tape and this is where this all
comes from.
But the reality is he's played the game in front of live audiences and has performed
well, certainly better than I would certainly better than most people would.
So I mean, why did he do this to himself?
You know what I mean?
Like, well, I mean, you know, I say that when I know full well, the answer that sometimes
being good, isn't good enough.
You have to be the best, especially with the whole, you know, the movie and the drama and
all that stuff.
You know, I get it.
And you know, I was, I was kind of bummed reading this because I got to meet Billy at
the last Dragon Con because he's usually there signing autographs and whatever, doing his,
you know, giving away his hot sauce and all that.
According to SSJ100 Matt, he actually did put out a statement on YouTube.
He did.
And I was actually going to bring that up because I just haven't had a chance to listen
to it.
I read, there was an article that was run on it that had some little like bits and pieces
from it.
And of course I've since closed it.
Darn it.
The link is in the chat.
The important question is, does his hot sauce have anything to do with Donkey Kong as far
as the naming of his hot sauce.
Although I think Donkey Kong isn't making him money.
Twin Galaxies don't have money.
But it can't hurt though to have a reputation from that and say, by the way, I'm selling
this.
Sure.
Okay.
So there is a whole YouTube thing.
And he went on.
Is it long?
It's a minute and 10 seconds.
You want me to play the whole thing?
Why not?
Let's let the man defend himself.
I need to say this is courtesy YouTube just to make myself legally in the clear.
This is courtesy of YouTube and the user account on YouTube.
If you want to watch this for yourself is still loading on my hand because I have a
slowest dirt computer here.
It is Ryan Burger is the YouTube account that has posted this as a part of old school gamer
magazine.
Here it is.
Hi, I'm Billy Mitchell.
We're here at the Midwest Gaming Classic.
I'm here with old school gamer magazine.
I've been asked to address things that are recently in the media.
The fact of the matter is now there is a true professional due diligence being done to investigate
things that happened as far as 35 years ago in a professional manner, not in a shock jock
mentality designed to create hits.
We will show that everything that has been done, everything was done professionally.
According to the rules, according to the scoreboard, the integrity that was set up, not 2014 forward
by the current regime who wants to reach back 35 years.
Everything will be transparent.
Everything will be available.
I wish I had it in my hands right now and wish I could hand it to you, but it's taken
a considerable amount of time, witnesses, documents, everything will be made available
to you.
Nothing will be withheld.
You absolutely have my commitment to that.
We've been at this since 1982 and it's not going to stop now.
So there it is.
And that is again, courtesy of YouTube, old school gamer magazine.
And I was very drunk.
It was, well, it was a very, it was a lot of fluff because it's basically one of those,
I don't have anything now, but I'm working on it type of things.
Here's what I found most interesting in that whole little apology is, well, actually, no,
I shouldn't say apology.
The whole little, whatever it was, uh, is that he mentions the rules as they were set
up 35 years ago, not 2014 through the current regime.
So that, that struck me as very interesting is that he's taking issue with the way things
have been run in the past couple of years.
And like he feels that somehow the rules have changed.
Although I would think in emulators, I think that's pretty consistent, but I would be very
curious to see what he's going to come up with in this whole regard.
So very interesting.
Loki, anything you want to add to this?
Nope.
I know.
It's like, what else?
What else can you say?
My gosh, just that, uh, Peter Dinklage sure did pull off quite the, uh, impression of
him in pixels.
Stop it.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
S200 Matt and chat says document statements and everything will come out when I learned
Photoshop.
There you go.
All right.
Vid power calls it Kong gate over in our chat room.
Let's move on.
You know, I just, it's, it's kind of drama and I just, I hope everybody can resolve this,
but I do hope it's fair.
You know, if he didn't do the score the right way, they didn't do the score the right way.
And that's that.
So, all right, let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
So this is pretty awesome.
So you may remember there's a whole backwards compatibility with Xbox 360 on the Xbox one.
And now there's Xbox original backwards compatibility on the Xbox one as well.
So they've just added, um, their first set of games, which released on April 17th.
So blinks, the time sweeper breakdown, conquer live and reloaded, elder scrolls three Morrow
in hunter, the reckoning Jade empire, Panzer Dragoon, orta, and SSX three.
The second batch is actually coming out in a couple of weeks here on the 26th and you'll
get destroy all humans, full spectrum warrior, mercenaries, playground of destruction, MX
unleashed, Panzer elite action, fields of glory, star Wars, battlefront, the original
service bell for it.
And the original star was bell front to star Wars, Jedi Knight, Jedi Academy, star Wars,
Jedi star fighter, star Wars, Knights of the older public to the Sith Lords and star Wars
command or Republic commando.
We'll all be backwards compatible at that time.
So that's kind of pretty cool that they're still supporting this stuff, even systems
like a couple of systems ago.
Yeah.
Can't say the same about certain other companies.
And I'm talking right now, I'm talking both the other companies, you know, cause
Good point.
Yeah.
Fair point.
And there's no virtual console still.
Uh, so, uh, with the Xbox stuff though, I mean, it's not just about the fact that they
can support games from 10 years ago, but the fact that they can resell them for a value
that's much greater than what these games are going for at game used game places.
So does that mean that with these games, like say star Wars, battlefront or battlefront
too, that the multiplayer servers are back online because couldn't you go play multiplayer
on these things still?
Or I don't know the answer to that, unfortunately.
Um, I think if they were running through EA servers, no, if they're running through
Xbox live, they might work, but, um, I don't think they do.
I think they were EA servers and I don't think they still run.
So, um, but, uh, yeah, you do on steam.
So if you go on steam and do it, there you go.
But these games are nine 99 and pop, I think if you want to, but so like old Xbox first
gen Xbox stuff for nine 99 and pop, I mean, you could probably find these discs for like
four bucks, probably even less than a dollar.
I mean, so if you do find them, that's great cause you have the value that you can play
them here.
But I mean, there is something to be said about getting these games to be backwards
compatible so that they can sell them all over again, basically.
On top of that, it's like, I think if Moro wins 15, I think there's charging even more
from all right.
And on top of all that, I mean, this is kind of like, you know, the totally not necessary.
I mean, they didn't need to do this and the fact that they're doing it, this speak volumes.
I kind of wish that Sony would fucking do something like anything, just, you can't tell
me.
And I mean, I know that they are, they're trying to resell their PlayStation one stuff
like through, they have their own kind of inbuilt emulator stuff.
So like I got in like twisted male black and stuff like that.
And I guess that's PlayStation two, but, um, we've already seen the PlayStation two stuff
up on their story, right?
So they can do it, but it's just, they don't want to open it up.
So they, Oh, you have a copy of twisted male black that it'll play just fine.
Yeah, no, they don't want to do that.
Uh, looking at chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Rama says, fuck yes, conquer, uh, active says, Panzer Dragoon, or to finally, uh, Ray
engineer says, say, Rob, Loki question, are the downloadable X-Box originals only compatible
with certain models of the three 60.
I bought three when I had my first three 60 and they worked then, but with my current
three 60, they won't launch, you mean the X-Box one, but no, I think three 60 because
you can play X-Box originals and X-Box three 60 remember the emulator and that kid, it
works just fine.
As long as you have the backwards compatibility data in there.
So you have to have like a hard drive in there.
So if you have an old like core system that does not have a hard drive, then you don't
have that.
But if you have, you know, a hard drive in, I think you required a 20 gig hard drive at
least to be able to do that stuff.
Yeah.
Um, cause you have to download the backwards compatibility data in order to do it.
But I think that they all should be compatible.
Yeah.
I haven't heard anything about different three 60 models being compatible, but you're right
on the hard drive thing.
The hard drive thing is the requirement there.
I would say if that still is not working for you, we're agent or you should probably
contact a Microsoft tech support and see what they can do.
Yeah.
Maybe it's a license transfer thing.
So just as a show on her mat, that's a very good thought there.
Rama says, tweet to X-Box about that.
Microsoft is pretty responsive on Twitter, but I would honestly just go direct to their
like help thing and submit a formal ticket that way and have them look into it if it
still won't work.
But yeah, uh, look at the hard drive thing.
Look at the license transfer thing that those could both be issues why that's not still
working.
Anyway, moving on to something that's a little bit rumors, but before I read rumors, I know,
but it's one of those things where I kind of look at it and go, does this sound plausible?
You know, I love that.
We need to play Fleetwood Mac during this.
Well, Fleetwood Mac, they kind of broke up.
Yeah.
They just fired Lindsey Bunkingham.
I know.
It's like right before they went on their big, like all reunion, all of us do to fuck
this up.
Stevie Nicks and Lindsey had to be in the same room together.
That's what, I guess that's it.
They did a bad strain of something and this is that.
All right.
Anyway, uh, no, they're aged now probably a bad strain of kombucha anyway.
That's so accurate.
All right.
Anyway, uh, this is a rumor regarding theme parks.
We all know that Nintendo super Nintendo world is a thing that's coming to the universal
studios theme parks pretty soon.
However, now, uh, one of the big news networks, ABC, I don't know if that's the ABC here in
the U S I'm imagine it must be not the Australia one.
I think it is the ABC here because it is about universal studios, Orlando, apparently a Pokemon
theme park is coming to universal studios, Orlando.
This is because of sources that talked to ABC saying that Pokemon park will be part
of the kids zone section universal right now, woody woodpecker and Barney are located there.
So I would imagine those guys are getting evicted in favor of Pokemon.
Uh, it sounds like Barney might be taken out back and shot.
That would be pretty great.
I think a lot of us that grew up in the nineties would appreciate that they're going to put
Barney down.
Are you excited to hear that?
Loki?
Um, you know, I hated Barney back when it was fun to hate Barney, but actually Barney's
not terrible.
So actually having the kids watch it, but, um, yeah, I really don't care.
Yeah, my kids are outgrown Barney anyways.
Anyway, originally there was going to be a Mario cart and donkey Kong roller coaster
here, but that is going to move and that will be on the universal 400 acres that they
just bought near Kirkman Avenue across the street.
That is going to be home to universal's fourth park and Nintendo is going to be part of that
park.
Nintendo holds the trademark for Pokemon that is going to be part of a plan to have Nintendo
at all the properties, kind of like Harry Potter.
So there you go.
I still haven't been to Harry Potter land either.
Oh girl, you got to go where you're down there.
I know, but I'm, I've got, I'm flying back on Tuesday so I can see where it out.
Okay.
So we are planning a trip at some point where like we drive down Friday, we go to universal
Saturday because miss Victoria from shaking and crying is there and she, she lives like
five minutes away from universal.
So not to give out her address, but she said it on the show.
So she lives like five minutes from universal so she can meet us there.
I know she will.
And any, any excuse for her to dress up, I'll have to find my, um, actually order my Slytherin
roads and then we'll drive back on Sunday and do the show or we'll do the show live
from the car.
Yeah.
Wouldn't be the worst thing we've done.
Live from I-5.
All right.
Anyway, I think that's the thing that has to happen.
Not the five.
We take the 99 more stops and, and the, um, the crab, why did I always forget the name
of it?
The cheese.
Oh, the Bravo farm.
Bravo cheese farm.
They have Bravo farms on I-5 now.
But I don't care.
You have to go the original.
Or anyway, same place where they have a Starbucks.
Dungeon buster says butter beer is tasty.
Heck yeah.
One of my buddies was at universal this weekend actually.
And I'm like, send me pictures that make me jealous.
So of course I get like the butter beer dessert thing from the Harry Potter restaurant and
I'm like, Oh, I'm so hateful.
Anyway, I think this is the thing we have to do to our soccer.
I have decided my birthday's coming up and yes, I'm going to Chicago, but my birthday,
I'm 40 this year.
God damn it.
I want to go to a theme park for my birthday.
Like after before.
All right.
We should make it happen.
I think so.
That's what I want.
You know what?
Well, speaking by the way, I need to bring this up at some point.
I'm actually glad I said the word birthday because we need to acknowledge that dark soccer's
birthday is Thursday.
Yes, it is.
So dark soccer is turning 29 all over again.
Just like Bobby Black Wolf.
No, I'm not.
No.
And I'll tell you, I'll tell you what I like being where I am and getting carded for number
one.
I got carded today buying Guinness.
Like yeah, my skin looks better than I did as a teenager.
People don't believe it's me.
So I'm fine with my illusion, but I'm glad that I'm not 29 for all the fucking bullshit
that happened in my twenties.
Life got better when I turned 30.
Oh yeah.
No, my thirties.
The older I get, the less of a fuck I give.
I'm actually welcoming 40 because my thirties have been way better than my twenties.
I can't believe you're still not 40.
It's coming up.
Well, I mean, remember this show has been around for 16 years.
Okay.
So when the show started, I was 24.
I just in the thing, and I'll go ahead and fucking say it, I'm going to be 42 and I don't
care.
Well, and because it is the answer to everything, I will be the answer to life, the universe
and everything.
That's right.
But the thing is, you know what?
Billy Mitchell's older than you are and he's got more drama.
But here's the thing about it.
I still like all the stuff I did in my twenties.
I still enjoy myself.
I don't fucking feel like I thought I would feel in my forties.
I've done things to improve my health.
You know, I've I mean, fuck, I've dropped 40 is the new 70.
I've dropped 76 pounds since October.
And I'm happy as long as I don't end up, you know, in the same situation my mother is in.
I think I'll be okay.
You know, my life is a success.
I have a great job.
I have a great husband.
I have a great cat.
I have wonderful friends.
And you have great friends.
Holla.
Right.
And I wish that for everyone to make it to the same point that I have and feel as I wouldn't
say successful because success is personal, but feel satisfied.
And I feel satisfied with my life and I would like for everyone to have that same feeling
of satisfaction.
But the only thing that I want on my birthday is to play more video games is a cupcake,
a carrot cake, carrot cake cupcake with no fucking raisins in it.
Raisins are the wire hangers of my soul.
Fuck that noise.
All right.
Well, I hope I hope you get that cupcake.
Thank you.
I would bake it if I baked.
But I don't.
I'm just going to say I don't I don't bake and I bake it for you.
So you know what you let me find a place with cupcakes.
We can go there together and I will buy you the fucking cake with no raisins.
And I think I'm going to go see you ready player one that night.
You should do it.
I deserve it.
Link in our chat over at live dot vog network dot com MXC says great to hear as someone
nearing 30.
Fifth Dream says I'm 44 in three weeks.
So you know, we got we got some 40 year olds.
Act Def says I've been listening to OLR since I was 24 and that was around 11 years ago.
Let's see.
SSJ 100 Matt in chat says Rob is going to turn into Sally O'Malley from the Saturday
Night Live skit when he turns 50.
Cuz I'm 50.
That was a great character at Molly Shannon.
I love it.
All right.
And then everybody in chat is complaining about raisins.
I don't see raisins are deceptive little motherfuckers.
I like raisins.
However, I will look.
I'm going to give the anti raisin crowd this.
I'm going to give them two things.
First off, craisins are superior in every way.
They are second occurrence.
Second off, I too get really pissed off when I'm like, is that a chocolate chip cookie?
And I bite into it and it's fucking oatmeal raisins, right?
Raisins are the assholes to sever raisins are the Trump of the cookie world.
I'm However, however, no, this is important.
This is important.
Let me finish.
Like I let you finish.
If you tell me it's an oatmeal raisin cookie up front.
And so I am prepared.
My palate is ready to like, okay, this is going to be a raisin thing.
And then I eat that.
I'm fine.
Loki, you just don't put, just don't put raisins in baked goods.
You can have reasons by themselves or even, I guess it's fine if it's like in a brand
muffin or something like that, but like anything else, they should not be in there.
You know what?
What would be good in oatmeal cookies is currents.
Currents would be good or quick.
I've had craisin oatmeal cookies and those were delicious, but no raisins are terrible.
And the reason why I call them the Trump of the cookie world is because they're deceptive
lying assholes that are shriveled and need to not exist in my universe.
Fuck the assholes at the goddamn grocery store who put the chocolate chip bagels right next
to the raisin bagels.
That's like right next to each other.
It's like, dude.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
Now you, you, okay.
We are a video game show.
I promise we'll get back to video games.
However, this is important.
When it comes to bagels, chocolate chips and bagels.
Really?
Yes.
No, no, no.
Chocolate buns and everything.
Raisins and bagels are superior.
Ew.
No.
That's disgusting.
Especially when it's cinnamon raisin.
Raisins are, I hate cinnamon raisin stuff.
You know what?
This is going to make me mad.
You take the mayonnaise.
I'll take the cinnamon raisin.
Done.
You can have that fucking bagel chip.
Raisins and ketchup and yellow mustard.
All three in the same category.
You can have that mayo chop, that disgusting vile substance that's been all over Twitter
this week.
I don't like ketchup.
So that's going to be disgusting.
Mayo chop?
Yeah.
Heinz is making...
Heinz is making its base.
It's mayonnaise plus ketchup in a single bottle.
That's what it is.
Who makes his mayo and ketchup?
Kids do.
Europeans.
Belgians.
Like, that's my actual answer, actually.
Well, Belgians do the superior thing of using mayonnaise for fries, but I will tell you
this.
I'm going to go to Disneyland on that Monday.
I'm going to get a carrot cake churro, but their dipping sauce is cream cheese raisin,
and I am just going to take every bit of raisin out of that nastiness.
You should, without breaking eye contact with the person running the cart, pick up the little
dip that they give you, extend your hand over the trash and throw it in, and then turn around
and walk away.
It's not their fault.
I am not the, can I speak to your manager, bitch?
Are you sure?
Cause, girl.
No.
The, can I speak to your manager, bitch, is when I'm dealing with pure incompetence.
Not when it's something that's a policy they can't do shit about.
I'm allergic to raisins.
Can you please give me some without?
They don't, they're pre-done.
They're all like that.
Oh, yeah.
What if you said, oh my gosh, I'm allergic to raisins, and the Disney magic is being
ruined for me?
Like, they would find something anyway.
I demand magic!
Dungeon Busters, even Jamie's laughing.
Dungeon Buster chat over at live.fognetwork.com says, hey, this is still about gaming.
Remember the California raisins had their own video game?
Yes.
It was annoying too.
Okay.
I never played it because the California raisins kind of scared me when I was a kid.
Now, VidPower is saying that ketchup and mayo is fry sauce, but that is not entirely true
because I have had fry sauce that, yes, it did contain ketchup and mayo, but that's not
all that goes into proper fry sauce.
Thousand Island also has relish, right?
That's, Thousand Island isn't fry sauce either.
Oh.
I thought fry sauce was just ketchup and mayo.
I thought that really was just fry sauce.
Not where I'm from, no.
Oh, okay.
That's localized versions.
Anyway, we got to move on.
Hey, hey, we got more games, video games.
Dark Soccer, in fact, it's your turn, and you have-
A mouthful of food.
And Sega stuff though, right?
Give me a second.
Okay.
Quickly-
I thought I had a chance to take a bite.
Okay.
What's your favorite Sega game?
Quick, Logie.
Favorite Sega game?
Oh, my favorite Sega game?
I didn't really have a lot of Sega games.
I'd say probably-
Fancy Star Online.
Shadow Dancer.
All right.
That is a good game.
Actually, it wasn't Shadow Dancer.
That was on Genesis because that was-
It was Genesis.
Yeah.
I'm thinking Dreamcast for some reason.
My brain went right into Dreamcast games.
That's all right.
Well, that's obviously Power Stone or Power Stone 2.
Powerful.
That was a Capcom game.
Anyway, story.
All right.
So Sega has had mercy on those of us who love our Switches, especially those of us who didn't
pay for them, and we are going to be getting 15 titles under the new Sega Ages lineup.
Three were confirmed.
Studio M2 is doing these, so we are going to be getting, for these titles, it looks
like, if this thing wasn't completely out of order, I'd be able to tell everybody.
Fantasy Star, and I hope that it's as good as the Sega Ages 2800 ones, like what came
out on PS2, because I will be super happy, because I had to play that in Japanese with
a guide on that game.
Oh, they're doing Sonic the Hedgehog and Thunder Force 4.
It would be cool if they did do, like, the full, you know, upgrade package like they
did with the Sega Ages 2800, but we'll see.
But it'd be nice for a lot of people who had never gotten to play the original Fantasy
Star, you know, which was a Sega Master System game.
It'd be really great.
And Thunder Force 4, I mean, that ain't, that ain't crap.
So, pretty good.
Hopefully we'll get a list of what the other ones are.
Isn't it weird, though, yet again, we just had the SNK thing last week.
Not that I'm complaining, mind you.
This is not a complaint.
However, it is a little weird to me that we had that last week, and now we have this,
and it's like, wait a minute.
Aren't these companies supposed to be saving this stuff for Virtual Console?
Like, so Virtual Console is clearly something the third, well, Virtual Console is not Virtual
Console anymore.
We're not having a Virtual Console anymore.
There is no Virtual Console.
Whatever Nintendo is planning for the retro stuff is something new, and it's something
for them, where third parties aren't allowed.
Yeah.
It is what it is.
That's where we're at right now.
Well, in other news, though, and I don't know how to feel about this, but Sega, for
the 30th anniversary of the Mega Drive, or as we had at the Genesis, they're doing a
Mega Drive Mini, and it looks like, I had the list, I thought I had the list of games
on here, but they're going to be doing a good number of games on it, except it's not going
to be, though, built by Sega, because Sega doesn't actually do any of their own console
stuff anymore.
I'm a little bit worried.
I had the list of the company that was doing this, like AT something, and I don't know
what their track record is, so, but all the Nintendo stuff was done in-house, so I'm just
a little bit, a little bit leery.
I'll wait and see.
I'd really want to see how the emulation is on them, because the Nintendo ones were perfect.
Well, clearly this is happening because of the success of the NES, but the thing is,
those Genesis flashback things have been around forever.
What's going to make this special?
Well, and the earlier ones were really terrible.
Their emulation was absolute garbage.
You know, they really are going to have to make this something else.
Yeah, but for Sega, because they kind of licensed this out to sub parties before, I think they're
really going to have to step it up with this to be impressive.
They're going to have to step their pussies up.
That's right.
Alright, just a couple more stories before we get to a real classic game of the week
here in a moment.
Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of interesting.
So, it's always going to take, like, hackers to add that, you know, additional feature
that we really wish was there.
So apparently, someone had to exploit a flaw in the Switch to add save backups to the Switch,
which is kind of interesting.
And so, basically, the guy, he rewrote Checkpoint to work with the Switch and using its user
interface and everything, and they actually have, like, some screenshots of backing up
saves to work with the Switch hardware.
It's kind of interesting.
They said previously, you know, the 3DS and Wii U are cracked enough to suffer piracy
problems, but, you know, the Switch has not really had that issue yet, so they've kind
of avoided that.
But really, yeah, they should just add basic features to their, you know, console, because
it would be nice to be able to back the stuff up, or at least cloud saves might be nice.
I mean, I guess I understand, you know, you're not expected to have multiple systems, but
if the system dies, all your stuff's there.
Well, maybe when they start charging people for online, cloud saves is one of those things
that could kind of be, you know, part of the reason why they're charging money for it.
That would be cool.
Or at least just allowing you to back it up would be nice.
Yeah, for sure.
But, when you can't do what you want with your hardware, hackers gonna hack, right?
Right.
All right, and when you do things you're not supposed to be doing, when the government
has passed rules about it, they will sometimes fine you and slap you on the wrist.
And that's what's happening in South Korea.
The South Korean Fair Trade Commission fined three game publishers over misleading odds
for loot boxes in the games.
See, so even though they have that kind of regulation, they're just gonna exploit it
because the fine's less than the money they're gonna make.
But now they've been called out, and that's pretty bad when the government has to come
in and do that.
Netmarble, Nextfloor, and Nexon, which they do games here.
The Nexon does a lot of stuff.
They are huge for free-to-play games over in Asia.
They are being penalized because they have violated the Electronic Commerce Act.
This all according to the Korean Herald that said that they all took issue with the way
that these three companies were advertising odds of loot boxes in their games.
One example was a game called Celebrity Count.
Oh no, the Celebrity Count event in Sudden Attack.
Nexon's ads showed that anyone who bought a loot box had a chance to get a puzzle piece,
and then on collecting all 16 pieces, players would get an in-game benefit.
But the odds of actually receiving a puzzle piece was as low as 0.5%,
and that was something Nexon did not disclose.
So Nexon got an $882,700 penalty and then fined for $5,200.
This is the largest of all the three publishers that I mentioned.
The publisher said that they used the phrase random provision to suggest that odds would be different.
They disagreed with the FTC's interpretation.
You know what? I'm glad the government slapped him in the face then,
because don't fucking dance around with this fucking vocabulary.
You know what, Nexon? Suck it up and publish the actual odds or not get the fuck off,
which I know you're not going to do because these free-to-play games are everywhere in Asia.
So anyway, Netmarble made a game called Marvel Future Fight and Star Wars Force Arena,
and then Destiny Child, not to be confused with the band of the same name that reunited last night,
Next Floor makes this game. They were hit with a much smaller fine, just $4,700.
Netmarble, they did reveal the odds, but they weren't accurate.
That's kind of interesting, so...
I mean, they lied. Lies!
Yeah, yeah. So, Liza Minnelli lies.
So, interesting to see how this loot box stuff is all going.
You know, it didn't make the show roll tonight,
but I remember seeing a story about how EA is kind of seeing how they're being perceived out there by the mass market.
I'm going to be very curious to see what EA's games looked like this holiday, after last holiday.
I know you're not convinced, Loki.
Yeah.
But I think EA's kind of come out and said,
okay, we realize people don't like us.
Like, that was the sense I was getting.
They realize that this year we haven't liked them for several years.
Well, but this year is when they really felt it in the pocketbook.
Okay, yeah. I'm sure this year they'll totally see light and totally change.
It's not going to be just nothing ever again.
I don't know. I don't trust them at all.
Alright. Well, let's travel back to a simpler time when there was no loot boxes.
You know what? You could type in a code in the cartridge.
They had loot boxes. They were the grab bags at Sanrio.
That's right. It's the classic game of the week
where Dark Soccer's going to step into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks, hey, you brats, you should check this game out.
This one might be a hard one, right?
This is an import-only game you picked this week, right?
It is, and it has the distinction of being the first game I ever imported
when I lived in Alabama, and I paid $120 for this fucker COD.
Wow. Okay. That's pretty impressive.
So there's your Notability tonight.
It's the first game Jamie ever imported.
Yes.
Alright, what is the classic game of the week?
Shoujo Senshi Sailor Moon S Joe Gairanto Shakyusou Satsuden.
Sousatsu-sen. Sorry, not Satsuden.
Okay, I recognize two words in there. Sailor Moon.
Yes.
So this is the Sailor Moon S game.
It was a fighting game that came out on Super Famicom done by Angel Studios in 1994.
I imported my copy probably just after I graduated high school.
It is a fighting game.
It has all of the inner and outer Senshi except for Sailor Saturn.
It also has Chibi Moon's Flying Butt Attack,
which basically we would just play Chibi Moon the whole time and do the Flying Butt Attack.
You have four different modes.
You have a practice mode where you can practice the attacks for no damage.
You have tournament mode, which is an eight-character fight for a knockout tournament,
one to eight players being human and the others being CPU characters.
You have versus mode where you just fight one-on-one, standard versus.
And you have story mode where it's the Sailor Senshi fighting to choose a new leader.
In this mode, the inner Senshi and Sailor Chibi Moon are all playable.
You have to defeat the other eight normally playable Senshi to win.
And if you succeed, then the title screen changes
so that the silhouette that's on the top pillar
you know the intro for Sailor Moon where the top pillar has Sailor Moon on it
would be the one who wins and then Tuxedo Kamen shows up on the continue screen if you lose.
There are different stages in it.
There is the Hikawa Shrine for Sailor Mars,
the Jubun Shopping District for Sailor Jupiter,
the Time Space Door for Pluto,
Moon Castle for Sailor Moon,
the Water Fountain at the park during the day for Sailor Mercury,
and the one at night for Sailor Uranus,
Seaside Port for Sailor Neptune,
Crystal Tokyo during the day for Chibi Moon,
Crystal Tokyo at night for Sailor Venus,
and then there is a hidden stage that's inside of an office building.
And the workers get up from their cubicles and cheer you on.
I like this game a lot because I had just gotten into the real Sailor Moon,
not the dubs that we got over here,
but I started getting fan subs and watching them.
So it was really fun for me.
This music here that we're hearing in the background,
this is background music from the show.
Just little background scene music.
The intro is the Sailor Moon intro.
See? It even has all of the little phrases and everything.
It just really makes me happy.
One thing I did know is that the sprites in this game
were actually recycled from the Sailor Moon R game developed by Bondai.
They just retouched from the first game that Angel actually did.
So it's a little bit of recycling and rehashing,
but the game I thought was fun.
I always wish I had gotten the Super's game
because it was a little bit more robust,
and you could play as Saturn as well, but oh well.
This is what I had access to,
and I broke a game genie so I could play this game
before I realized you could just cut the tabs out inside the machine.
So there you go. 1994 in all of its glory.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
The Sailor Moon fighting game.
Sailor Moon S fighting game.
Which by the way, I do notice in our chat,
VidPower says they're actually having a mini side tournament
for the Super Nintendo Sailor Moon game at EVO this year.
Which Sailor Moon game though? There were several fighting games.
This one.
This one? Huh, fun.
I'm surprised it's not the Super's one,
because that one is a newer game.
It came out in 96.
Wait, let me look at the official tweet.
Just to make sure we don't have any confusion going on.
I'm going to leave the official tweet.
And there's the little...
I think this is it?
I don't know, there's all these logos here I can't see.
Oh yeah, there it is. The Sailor Moon S right there at the bottom.
Okay. Interesting.
It's not a bad game, I just think the Super's one is better.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break,
but don't go anywhere because we've got more Orange Lounge Radio to come,
including rapid fire news.
We've got the mailbag tonight.
We also have your calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
All when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on Sunday, April the 15th, 2018,
with episode 726 of our show already in progress
with myself, DarkSakura, and Loki all here in studio.
And some of you guys in our chat room,
those of you that are a little more techy at things
and know how to get in some other ways,
unfortunately our main chat applet at live.vognetwork.com
ain't working, but I've seen some alternative ideas in our Discord,
and also I retweeted one sent to us by Anime Jam Session.
I guess their chat applet's a little different and is letting people in,
so you have some other ideas if you want to get in and say hello
and chat with us here on the show tonight.
So I have to say, so one of our pals here at Orange Lounge Radio,
JD, who hasn't been on the show in a little while,
but he's going to be, he's visiting in I think two weeks.
So he'll be here, but he's tweeting right now.
He is at a DDR drag show right now.
And so, and I think I remember seeing ads for this.
It's some of the, one of the gals from Dragula,
which kind of like, it's not Drag Race,
but it's like the monster drag, is doing like a DDR rock show themed thing.
Even Loki, I could show this to you.
Look at this, look at this. This is one of them.
She's dressed up right now as like that robot character from DDR.
That's pretty rad, right?
Yeah.
So that's, that's super.
Zukin?
Yeah, Zukin, that's it.
And then this one's, one of these other gals is dressed up as Storm,
but she's throwing Starburst to cartoon heroes.
Remember?
Drag is art.
That's right. This is art. Art, people.
Who likes art? Art, art.
Speaking of DDR, I didn't mention it during my gaming week,
but I'll mention it now since that whole DDR drag queen made me think of it.
I got to play a DDR third mix Korean this weekend
because I quickly dropped in and visit Mel B
and they have the machine in their garage.
So I got to play that.
It was funny because I tweeted it and somebody was like,
oh, did you finally go visit Loki's machine?
I'm like, no, this is the third mix Korean.
Well, yeah, I have to get, they have a DVD drive you can get for it
because it normally has a CD drive.
And then there's a universal bootleg thing that you can get that basically
it's 10 mixes you can swap in and out.
So they have third, it's everything up through extreme.
So they have like dancing stage, Euro mix and stuff like that.
Disney's rave that you can put on there.
I would want a fourth plus.
That would be the one I want.
I kind of, you guys, I really want a DDR machine.
I think I need to get one. I really do.
So borrow a couple of our pinballs so we can have room for DDR.
I kind of want a fourth mix plus more than anything right now.
We've actually got to clear out room because Dan's Mustang is coming home.
Whatever you get, you can always change it out really easy.
Yeah, that's true. That's true.
So I think that's what they did too.
I think it was an extreme and they changed it to a third Korean.
I need to get, I keep looking at my marquee because my marquee is bootleg as fuck.
I need to get a new marquee.
You can have an official second mix.
No, I don't want to take our marquee.
No, I need to actually get something for mine.
But look, it has a little Konami sticker.
It's official.
You know what I have at home, right?
I have the second mixed up book.
Oh yeah, because of the Dreamcast version, right?
No, it's the arcade book.
Oh, that's cool. I thought it came with something.
No, it's actually a strategy guide.
A Japanese strategy guide.
Gotcha. Anyway, cool.
So yeah, I got to play that a little bit.
And that was fun because I got to play Oh Nick, Please Not So Quick,
which I don't think I've played on a machine in like five years easy at least.
So that was fun.
So DDR memories, good times.
I would only want third Korean just for Stump to my beat, but you know.
Here's my problem is that we still rent this house.
So like if I get a DDR machine, that machine is going to have to be moved at some point.
And that's going to be a terror.
You know what I mean?
It's not as hard moving it as you would think.
They're all in casters.
Having done that, it only takes a couple.
As a DDR machine owner.
Yes, having much recently moved the DDR machine,
it's actually not as hard as you would think.
But it does take up a lot of space, so that is true.
Let's get into some rapid fire news. Loki.
So apparently Ikaruga is going to be coming to the Switch.
Or at least that seems to be the case because of a picture that was tweeted out.
And it looks pretty awesome.
So Treasure did tweet that out.
And on top of that, they also showed that it looks like it may have a vertical mode option as well.
Because the screenshot shows kind of it running both in horizontal and vertical.
So neat.
Ikaruga and all the platforms.
I'm glad they're doing vertical for Ikaruga.
I had said this on OLR. Why aren't they doing more shooters with vertical mode?
And I think vertical mode is good.
That other pinball, not pinball FX3, but the stern pinball, just got vertical mode.
The only problem with vertical mode on that is just that how do you set the screen up.
Because it's kind of awkward. You kind of have to balance it against something.
The kickstand doesn't do that.
You take off the left controller and you just use the right controller.
You don't stand it up. You just hold it in your hand and it's the right amount of counterbalance.
Because you're holding it in your hand with the right controller and it doesn't bend or anything.
It's fine.
I've played some of the pinball FX. It works.
I think I've seen something that was mocked up where it's basically a holder for the system.
But it's vertical and then you put the controllers on the side.
Kind of like a controller dock but it has enough tension to hold the screen in there.
Kind of cool.
I'm sure there's something you could rig up to to hold the machine, the little thing, safely in a vertical position.
And then you could use a pro controller or something.
It's still neat to have the option.
Yeah, it's neat to have the option.
If you play with the controller thing in the bottom, it works really well.
I really like playing pinball FX that way.
Alright, and then there's this cool game called Duck Jam, which is on itch.io.
And it's a free WarioWare type game featuring ducks.
And it definitely takes a lot of inspiration from different Nintendo games.
Because they've got an overworld map that looks like it's out of Super Mario World.
And I know there's some other things in there that very much look like WarioWare.
But go check it out.
You'll find it at...
Looks like Boon.itch.io.
So that's Boon with B-O-O-O-N dot itch dot I-O slash duck dash jam.
And you can check it out.
And it's pretty awesome.
They've got a bunch of little mini games that increasingly get harder.
And all sorts of silly stuff in there.
So they have one where a duck's eating a piece of bread.
They have one that's like Flappy Bird.
They have one that's a dating sim.
So just go check it out. It looks silly and it's free.
And check out Super Multitasking.
Even though you have to pay for that one, you know what? It's worth it.
So I know the launch glow has died down a little bit.
And so it's probably having a hard time getting some more exposure.
So let me remind you, if you haven't picked up Super Multitasking on Steam,
our buddy YYR did a great job.
If you like these WarioWare type of games, do it.
Anyhow, I have some stories for you guys as well.
We're going to start with a story about the Mega Man X Collection.
Who's excited about this?
There's Mega Man X Legacy 1 and 2.
It is coming to the Nintendo Switch on July 24th.
Mega Man X Legacy Collection 1 and 2.
America and Europe on July 24th.
You know the only thing about these games?
I feel like nowadays I'm not very good to play with them.
It's almost like one of these games it'd be like I'd rent it
and then I would use the Game Genie to kind of cheese my way through it.
Here's your chance to do it without cheating.
I do want to state before someone corrects me,
it is also on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, but come on.
I know I'm getting it on the Switch so I can have the, you know,
this isn't a game that needs the most amped up systems
so it'd be nice to have it portable and on the TV.
So that's pretty cool.
But they are, I guess they are separate games.
So they're 1 and 2, but I think the disc release is probably the combo.
But if you buy the thing online, you buy them piecemeal.
But if you're wondering, just so you know,
the Mega Man X3 in the collection is the Super Nintendo version of the game.
So it is not the PlayStation version.
Yeah, but even the versions that came out on PlayStation and Saturn
were just the Super Nintendo ones anyway with a big frame around it,
so it doesn't matter.
Yeah, so just to be clear what you're buying,
you're getting the Super Nintendo version.
Also, these were developed internally at Capcom,
not through Digital Eclipse who did the previous collections.
I guess Capcom saw that these things were selling pretty well
and wanted to bring that in house, so there you go.
Also, Warcraft 3 is getting a patch.
That's right, Warcraft 3.
Another one?
Yeah.
I did a story on this a few months ago.
Well, here's the thing.
When you did the story, it was that the patch was being developed.
Now the patch is out.
So this is the biggest patch that the game has gotten in a long time.
It's version 1.29.
They are saying this is the biggest patch in over 10 years.
You know one thing it includes?
You know what you have in Warcraft 3 now that you didn't have before?
Widescreen monitor support is now in Warcraft 3.
It's about time.
But that's awesome.
I mean, the fact that this game is so old, but now it's kind of modernized.
Widescreen monitors are commonplace now, so that's really cool.
So there is no stretching.
There are bookends in the in-game interface and black pillars in the menus.
So that way I guess you don't lose, you know.
It's not all stretchy and weird things like that.
Also in lobbies, 24 players now.
12 new team colors, including Maroon, Navy, Turquoise, and others.
A reset in ladder standings.
Automated tournaments will resume next week.
This will be the last version to support Windows XP.
Sniff.
My fave, y'all.
My fave.
The map pool has been updated.
This means there is an object limit increase up to 30,000,
and a map size limit at 480 by 480, and a tile slot limit at 16.
So assuming with the beefier computers we have these days,
now they can do some better maps.
Some folks thinking this is leading to a potential Warcraft remaster,
just like we had the Starcraft remaster.
Who knows?
I think that would be really awesome, actually.
I might even check that out.
I don't...
Gaming's a shocking secret.
I don't own Warcraft 3, and I never have.
I own Warcraft 1 and 2, and I own World of Warcraft,
but Warcraft 3 kind of came out during a time
when I wasn't really playing as many games.
Or if I was playing games, I was probably playing Diablo.
If I was playing anything Blizzard, I was probably playing that.
Diablo or Diablo 2.
Never got around to that.
Anyway, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us before we get to release dates?
Well, an announcement was made that Shenmue 1 and 2
is going to be coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC through Steam.
They announced it at SEGA Fest 2018,
and it looks like it's going to be released for $29.99.
But in Japan, it's only going to be on PlayStation 4.
So, yay.
When's Shenmue 3 again?
And then last but not least, they announced a new Sakura Taisen or Sakura Wars.
They don't say what it's going to be on,
but it will be set in Taisho-era Tokyo around 1929.
And this is the last time I think a Sakura Taisen game came out.
It was in 2010, but that was a re-release of the 2005 Sakura Taisen,
so long, my love.
So, yay.
Another Sakura Taisen.
What will it be on?
We don't know.
All the systems.
All right.
Fifth Dream in chat says,
I've been waiting for this news ever since Shenmue 3 was announced.
I've never played 2, and I want to play them both before 3.
So, this will be a good way to get caught up for a lot of people.
I think I'm going to check it out.
That's for sure.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates,
and then we'll get to the mailbag right after that.
But first, in the U.S., Loki.
We've got Ys VIII.
It looks like a Lacrimosa of Dona.
Another freaking Ys game.
Yes, that's on PC.
Ys.
Wild Guns Reloaded on Nintendo Switch.
At least I didn't say Ys.
I would have had to throw my phone at you.
Yakuza 6, The Song of Life on PlayStation 4.
Metal Max Xeno on PlayStation 4 and the Vita.
God of War on PlayStation 4 this week.
And then, of course, if you have a Switch and you're feeling a little crafty,
Nintendo Labo, the variety kit and the robot kit are out this week as well.
And I believe that's it.
You know, we haven't talked a lot about God of War this week,
but I know the reviews for that have been very, very good,
and people are really excited.
So, it's coming out this next week.
It didn't come out.
I thought it came out last week.
No, it's coming out this week.
Okay, so it must have been just all the press came out this last week,
so they knew they had a good game on their hands.
So, I have to admit, though, I'm not super into the God of War series.
I never have been.
So, I don't know if this is something that screams at me.
I was interested in the older God of War games.
This one, I don't really, nah.
It was interesting, though, one of the reviews I was glancing at on it
said something interesting about how the violence has been,
like, it's not that the game's not violent,
but that maybe now we're looking at the ramifications of all that violence
kind of plays out in this game.
I find that very fascinating,
very kind of like self-referential sort of thing for the series,
you know what I mean?
So, I'm looking forward to seeing how that plays out.
All right, let's go over to Japan
and check out what's coming out over there,
including Metal Max Xeno is also out in a regular limited edition
on PlayStation 4 in Japan this week.
Gravel is also out there as well,
and a price reduction, if you want, on Digimon World Next Order.
So, maybe Dark Soccer wants to import that. I don't know.
No.
Man Shima TT Race Ride on the Edge is also out this week,
and God of War also out on Japan on the 20th,
the same day it is out apparently everywhere else.
There it is.
Let's see, also on the Vita, that Metal Max Xeno
also getting released on the Vita
because the Vita still gets a lot of games in Japan.
And then on the Switch this week,
that Nintendo Labo also making its way to Japan.
Same kits we have here, the variety kit and the robot kit.
There is no extra stuff that Japan's getting that we're not.
But, Japan is also getting a game this week on the Switch.
Portal Knights and Wonder Boy the Dragon's Trap
is getting its Japanese release this week,
which, you know, that was a game we've had for a little bit now
where you can switch between the, speaking of Sega stuff,
you can switch between the regular and normal,
or the retro and the remastered modes with a button press.
It's pretty cool.
So, that will be fun to play for the Japanese audience
who hasn't seen that yet.
So, cool.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
There are a few things.
Coming out on the 17th, we have Yakuza 6, the Song of Life.
God, stop asking me to send notifications.
Fine.
Sorry, it was harassing me.
We have the PS4 Pro 1TB God of War limited edition console on the 20th.
And then, of course, God of War, again, on the 20th
with all kinds of figurines and stuff, too.
Assetto Corsa Ultimate Edition on April 20th as well.
Don't Starve Megapack.
And that's it.
All right, we're going to get here to the emails.
Sorry for the distraction here in studio,
but JD is using Snapchat to send me snaps of the drag show he's at.
And so, there was just, I think that was Erica Clash
that was dancing on stage in a big butterfly outfit, too.
Dynamite rave?
Yeah, no, to a rock version of butterfly.
So, I'm living.
Oh, my God, I should have went.
I can't believe I didn't go to that.
Anyway, but I'm here with you guys.
You don't want to know what else I was doing.
I'm planning on Disneybounding.
Oh, for your trip?
And I'm looking, I found a tank top that looks like a Tron outfit.
Love it.
But it's got the lines, so I was going to do...
Quick story, because listeners may not know what Disney, Disneybonding?
Bound.
Disneybounding.
I don't know what Disneybonding is.
It's casual cosplay.
Yeah, it's like, because you can't wear costumes into the park unless you're a kid.
It's an outfit inspired by a Disney character or franchise.
So, you wear like a normal outfit, but that looks kind of,
like I saw one for Gaston.
That was when you were there with me.
The girl that was doing the Gaston tunic.
Yes.
Yeah, I've seen that, too.
Victoria posted hers the other day with the bell off the shoulder yellow outfit.
So that's a thing that people do now, is they wear outfits that kind of...
One of my favorites was a guy wearing a pinstripe black and green suit,
three piece suit, in front of the Haunted Mansion.
Nice.
Yep.
Alright.
Let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com.
You know when the chat room's busted, email still works.
Participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com is the place to send us emails.
Last week we had a dry well in the email bag,
but I think tonight our fortune has changed a little bit, right?
Dark Soccer's going to dive into the mailbag and find some emails to read for you.
We have a couple.
Alright.
Um...
God, long emails.
Okay.
Um, hello peoples, let us discuss something that is a frequent topic on the show,
food and the ruining of it.
Oh, Rob, you're going to like this one.
Okay.
Because you brought it up.
This weekend, Heinz announced that they would be putting into the market mayochup.
Next email.
A combination of mayonnaise and ketchup.
The reaction to this was wide and almost nearly negative,
including I've never been inspired to cyberbully a condiment company before,
but here we are at HeinzKetchup underscore US delete your account.
Sky.
Did somebody just email me my own tweet?
Yes.
Also another one for you.
Why would you ruin ketchup like this?
Also, Sky.
Yeah, that guy's smart.
Listen to him.
Why would you ruin ketchup like this?
Whose bright idea was this?
Like with many things, the people responsible for this travesty is the Mormons.
And it's talking about fry sauce.
Can we blame millennials for this?
It's millennials' fault.
Fry sauce is big in Utah.
I grew up on fry sauce.
I love fry sauce.
I expect to have fry sauce with lunch today.
Fry sauce exists.
It doesn't have a stupid jumbled up smoosh of a name.
It's called fry sauce.
You can buy it.
It exists.
This is already a thing.
Stay black, great entertainment.
Fry sauce in the South is much different.
So, just saying.
Is this like how iced tea in the South is different than everywhere else?
Oh my God.
So, one of my friends posted the best thing about iced tea and I have to find it because
this is the perfect thing.
And it's got to be real.
I actually sent it to my mother because it was so perfect and I don't normally send things
with cussing in it to my mother.
But this is absolute perfection in the form of a post and it's very recent and I'm going
to find it real quick because everyone needs to hear this because this is how I feel.
I'm torn.
Okay.
You know, I'm just going to pull up out of my message to my mother.
No, seriously.
It is that newsworthy.
Okay.
I'm just kind of like, all right.
The show is at a screeching halt right now to our Sakura because I got nothing until
we get to the next detail.
Okay.
All right.
I hate when I go up North and go to restaurants and the waiter comes to take my order and
I'm like, do y'all have sweet tea?
And they're like, no sweet sweetheart, but we have unsweetened iced tea.
We can give you some sugar packets like no you fucking Yankee because now the tea is
already cold so the sugar won't dissolve in it and it'll just sink to the bottom.
Be nasty.
Learn basic fucking solubility.
This is ninth grade chemistry.
That's why sweet tea exists in the first place.
You fucking heat the tea up and make it and then while it's still hot, you add the sugar
and then you chill it and it's sweet fucking tea.
I bet you pronounce pecan like pecan too.
So you four seasons having piece of shit.
And now you know how all of us in the South feel about it.
I'm almost positive.
I brought this up just a couple of weeks ago on the show, but the thing with sweet tea
is that when you order it here in California, you go, do you have sweet tea?
They'll be like, Oh yeah, we have the raspberry tea.
Mm hmm.
That is what they do.
Jamie, you know this.
If you were to go to like Denny's and ask for sweet tea, they'd be like, we have the
raspberry.
Yeah.
I'd be like, that is sweet tea here.
You know what you can have?
You can have a stick up your ass cause I'm going to shove it there and have a grand slam
witch.
You can have moons over Miami next email.
I remember when I went in and ordered a moons over my Turkey.
I think they have like, I think right now they have like the whole Han Solo themed crap
at Denny's.
And I have, I really try to avoid setting foot in at Denny's.
So I was driving back and forth myself to the Bay area yesterday.
So it was kind of a lonely drive.
Well, no, cause my friend John was nothing for part of it, but then he went to a soccer
game.
So, but going home, I was hungry.
So I was like, God, what's going to be open at 10 o'clock at night?
And I'm like, Oh my God, I'm gonna have to go to a Denny's.
So I just want to take a minute.
Bless you back.
Black bear diner for being available as an alternative and getting food that wasn't Denny's
food.
And that's all I have to say.
Well, I don't know.
Sweet tea almost gave me the diabetes.
Well, my favorite sweet tea story is Alan.
When we first got to Georgia, we went to that little diner and he was like, Oh man, I'm
so dehydrated from all that flying.
He drank like four sweet teas and he's like, why am I up till three in the morning?
I wonder why my granny used to make sweet tea and she would infuse saccharin in it at
the same time as all the sugar that she put in it while it was steeping.
It was strong as fuck and that is sweet tea and the kids were not allowed to have it after
eight o'clock.
All right.
Next email.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, why am I the only one who ever deletes things out of the email box, Rob?
Cause you're the email person.
Mm hmm.
But when I'm not here, you don't delete anything.
Oh yeah, I sure don't.
Hi all, it's Raginator once again.
I just thought that I would pose a seemingly random question to everyone.
By now, most of us have been gamers for quite some time.
Not me.
I'm kidding.
Decades really.
With the only real differences being the platforms that we choose to play on as well as the genre
we enjoy.
We've played miscellaneous platforms and games over the years when they were brand new.
We've read various gaming magazines religiously for news tips, tricks, reviews, et cetera.
We've seen, not we've saw.
We have seen TV commercials galore and we've even engrossed ourselves in gaming related
media, TV shows and cartoons, movies, books, toys, collectibles, even cereal.
I never ate the video game cereals cause they were gross.
I did.
Just saying.
I hate marshmallows.
I don't like the switch cereal.
It tastes like switch cartridges.
Gaming culture, as we've each individually experienced, it really nestles in nicely with
the overall culture and has shaped us to become who we are today.
That being said, do each of you have a favorite 10 year, I was trying to say period in history
at the same time and it's coming up, history.
10 year period in as far as a gaming slash gaming culture slash gaming history.
For the purposes of this question, the answers don't have to conform to decades, i.e. the
80s, the 90s, et cetera.
Please give a reason for your answer.
Do I have to show my work?
Jesus.
I will go though for pretty much my teenage years as a gamer because that was the advent
of the Super Nintendo.
I would even say from the advent of the Super Nintendo through the life of the Saturn because
I was old enough to be able to save my own money and buy what I wanted and I, you know,
I stole my brother's Super Nintendo because they were little and I was the bigger sibling.
So I played a lot of Super Nintendo, just a ton.
I mean I also played a lot of NES but I really feel like my massive enjoyment and formative
years are really I guess where I put more skill into it was when I hit my teenage years.
And then I spent like, you know, my 20s going into, you know, the Dreamcast came out when
I was in my 20s, 1999.
So I just think that whole realm from maybe about 13 through 30, so not necessarily a
10-year period but that just period of time, it really seemed like the golden age of really
good games.
You know, even though my gut wants to say, oh, go for the retro answer because nothing
will ever be as good as the Super Nintendo when it was first out and, you know, those
years and everything, my honest answer, like honestly, and the thing that I'm just like,
no, this is what my heart says is the right answer is Memorial Day 2000 and the 10 years
that followed because that was the first time I ever saw DDR.
And then, you know, I got to play DDR the first time at the Rocky Horror Convention
that Halloween, which is the 25th anniversary collection or collection, 25th anniversary
gaming podcasting.
But my point is without that, I would not have met the people in this room.
I wouldn't have the show that y'all are listening to right now.
Like that was like the culture that formulated that now that I'm like pushing 40 and like
what's come the 16 years before it, you know, especially the heyday of the DDR years.
And obviously, I think a 10-year period is good because it takes us up through about
the time when Konami kind of started, you know, declining and so forth and started
closing, you know, Hawaii and the San Francisco Bay Area studio and kind of turned
into the, you know, not so great thing that it is now.
So, yeah, that's my answer.
Memorial Day 2000 and the 10 years that followed.
I almost agreed with that.
But I started with like the BM 98 stuff in the 90s.
So that was your first exposure to it.
That was mine.
But that 10-year period, though, is a pretty good gap of gaming history.
But I think that I wouldn't have been as into it if I hadn't had the same formation
with all of like the Saturn and import gaming, because I started import gaming before I moved
out here.
So, um, sorry.
Really quick.
Then we'll get to look at us.
Joe and her.
Matt is asking a chat.
Was that the same trip where you called Travis drunk Rob with the infamous voicemail that
I never lived down on under station life?
Yes, it was because I was with Jessica Harper and some other folks.
Actually, I think Princess Irene was there, too.
We were all there because we were all in the same Rocky cast.
And so we were all this and we were all the Star Trek experience.
So it was like I miss the Star Trek experience.
I swear.
Like, I think like Saturday we went to the Rocky thing.
And what's funny is that the video was circulating on Facebook this week of Eric McCormick as
frankenfurter singing karaoke to a sweet transvestite.
We were Jessica, myself, Prince Irene.
We were all in the audience for that.
I was there live and it's like watching it now.
I'm like, is this video from the 70s?
I'm like, it looks so grainy, but I'm like, nope.
It's just worn down over the years.
But we were there at Vegas.
The heart.
It was the Hard Rock Hotel, which I just heard this week is going to no longer.
There are no longer going to be Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas.
It's going to be the Virgin Hotel.
I remember.
Now, this is years after that.
But Jessica and I were there for DDR freak trip.
Yeah.
You guys did your random.
I was never.
And we called Travis and left him a drunk voicemail in honor of you.
Yes.
And Tiara met us for the Star Trek experience.
Yeah.
So that was pretty fun.
I miss Star Trek experience.
You all don't even know.
I mean, that thing's been gone for years.
I just liked hanging out in quarks because I really did feel like I was on DS9 for a
moment.
It was very well done.
And hanging out with Klingons.
That whole ride and everything was very well done.
It was beautiful.
Um, you can sort of see it.
It is on the, um, I have the Blu-ray collection of all the next generation movies.
I bought it when I had swine flu and I was homebound for a week.
There is on the extras.
I gave you swine flu.
You did.
Not on purpose.
On the extras disc in there, there is a decommissioning of the Star Trek experience.
Um, and I actually got a little verklempt watching it, but you actually, it takes you
through both rides.
So somebody filmed it in Blu-ray quality, like you're going through both rides.
So that's the closest thing you can get now because I never did get to do the Borg thing.
So that was the only way I was able to do the Borg thing.
I didn't do that one either.
I did the, um, the Klingon.
Yeah, the original.
The original, but you could, so you can cut, but nothing compares to being there, especially
the tran, the transporter thing is such a great effect.
It was just awesome being on the bridge for a bit.
For sure.
Anyway, nerd, nerd, nerd.
How about the email answer for you, Loki?
Uh, the 10 years of gaming that you liked the most, that defines you the most.
What was the criteria?
Um, I guess it would be what, do you have a favorite period?
Okay.
So yeah.
No, I don't.
I don't know.
I can't think of anything.
I mean, yeah, DDR was fun.
I say the next 20, next 10 years would be fun.
Uh, a hopeful answer.
It's the next 10 years.
Yeah.
Cause I can imagine with, you know, like how fast VR tech is going.
Okay.
All the hope has been killed in my heart.
I like, I like, that's a very hopeful, positive answer from Loki.
And I will be sorely disappointed, but that's all right.
Are you saying that the Nintendo, everything since the launch of the Nintendo Switch is
your answer?
Oh no.
They're in their own little country where they're doing their own shit about, you know,
not, not really listening to the consumer as far as what we want.
Nintendo Switch is virtual console or, you know, Animal Crossing with virtual console
games.
You're looking forward for Ready Player One to be real.
Yes, please.
All right.
That's what it is.
There's more to the email cause Reginator of course gave us his answer.
Of course.
For me, my favorite period was from 87 to 97.
Reasons are several fold really.
NES was really becoming popular in 87 and I had received the deluxe set for Christmas
that year.
We saw the beginnings of gaming becoming mainstream with movies and TV shows like Super Mario
Brothers movie, Double Dragon, Super Mario Super Show, Captain N, and countless others.
We transitioned from 8-bit generation to the 16-bit generation and saw the whole Sega vs.
Nintendo console war take off.
There was the multimedia boom of the early nineties where PCs and consoles that could
use CDs and thus full motion video became big.
There were also a plethora of consoles and handhelds released at this time, most of which
flopped in the end of some made impact.
Our kids were revitalized with the surge of fighting games like Street Fighter II and
Mortal Kombat.
He wrote Kombat, not Kombat.
Is it like a, like where you do a betting pool against who's going to win the Mortal
Kombat?
That would be, uh...
Mortal Kombat.
What is that called?
I can't remember.
It's, uh...
Blood support.
Salt.
I can't remember what they call that.
There is a Twitch thing.
Salty bet.
Okay.
Some political opportunist tasted blood in the water and started attacking gaming.
I could go on and on, but this email is already getting too long.
This email was brought to you by Old Potatoes.
How old?
I don't know.
Like so old that they started growing vines out of them?
But he did the pfft at the end.
So, which is what the colon P is.
Right.
All right.
Is that it for emails?
Stephanie.
Participate at orangelandrater.com if you'd like to email us for a future episode and
ask us a question like that one.
That was a pretty good question.
We have some good answers there.
We have some more news stories before we get to a few calls tonight.
I do have to, because I do have the movie after the show, I do have to end the show
right at a certain time tonight.
So sorry, but also not sorry.
So first we have some news to get to.
So Valve has updated their privacy options.
Basically, they're allowing Steam users to choose how their, you know, I guess their
activities are being viewed.
So, by default, everything is hidden.
So your library and other data like that.
Unfortunately, along with that, because it relied on those public, the public libraries
being scraped and everything, Steam Spy, which is basically a service that kind of helped
calculate, you know, game sales as well as how much a game is being played and that type
of stuff.
Almost like wages to be able to chart sales and everything.
It is now broken because everybody's profile is now set to hidden by default.
That's unfortunate.
And unfortunately, there's not really anything they can do.
So until everything's visible by default, there's not going to be able to operate
Steam Spy anymore.
I wonder why Steam decided to make this change.
Were they specifically just trying to get at Steam Spy or is it just maybe it's because
of all the privacy stuff going on?
I mean, even though I know Facebook and Steam really have nothing to do with each other,
besides the fact that you can link the two, everything that Facebook's going through
right now with all their bullshit.
Like maybe Steam is like, maybe we should need to turn like high privacy on by default.
I'm not really sure what the reason was behind it.
I don't think it was in on purpose to destroy Steam Spy.
I think it was probably other things they were doing.
It's probably everything else going on in the world regarding privacy on the internet
where they were like, you know what, we need to, we need to err on the caution of privacy
and things being private and friends only is the default option, which is really the
Yeah, it was really the way things ought to be, but you don't make money that way,
I suppose.
All right.
Well, the BAFTAs happened this past week.
That is the, uh, what does BAFTAs stand for?
British Academy Film and Television Arts.
That's what it stands for.
The 14th Annual Game Awards were held this past week and, uh, some winners from this
a best performance, uh, Malina Jergens, who is in Hellblade, uh, Suna's Sacrifice, which
she was winning that award a lot of places.
So, not too, uh, uh, shocked to hear that.
Best Original Property, Horizon Zero Dawn.
Best Narrative, Night in the Woods.
Best Music, Cuphead.
That's a good choice.
Uh, Best Multiplayer, Divinity Original Sin 2.
Best Mobile, Golf Clash.
Best Game Innova- Innova- Innovation, The Legend of Zelda, Breath of the Wild.
Best Game Design, Super Mario Odyssey.
Gamed Beyond Entertainment, Hellblade Suna's Sacrifice.
Best Family Game, Mario Odyssey.
Best Evolving Game, Overwatch.
Best Debut Game, Gorogora- Gorogoa, excuse me.
Uh, Hellblade also got the British Game and Audio Achievement.
Best British Game.
Artistic Achievement, also Hellblade.
But then the Best Game, something that didn't win an award anywhere else.
The Best Game, the Game of the Year.
What Remains of Edith Finch was the game that they gave Game of the Year to at the BAFTAs.
Now, I get it because I thought Edith Finch was amazing.
And if you haven't played that game, I think it's a great story.
And it's not going to take you a super long time to get through it.
It's a few hours, about the length of a long movie.
Um, but I thought that was a great gaming experience.
And, you know, but then again, I know some people have strong opinions on walking simulators.
Now, granted, um, Edith Finch has some more interactive, kind of mini-game-esque sort of things.
That, like, unlike Gone Home, which really didn't have a lot of, you know, gamey elements in it.
It was more of like a, you know, a story that you played, you participated in.
Um, which I still love. That's not a slam on Gone Home. I love Gone Home.
I do think Edith Finch had a couple more, at least, gamey elements in it.
So, it might satisfy some of those people.
I love those games. Like, I think as long as the story is great.
You all know I fucking love Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
I think that game is magnificent.
I streamed that.
It gets shit on unnecessarily all the time.
I think Firewatch is fucking great, too.
I think it's cool that that game is finally coming out on the Switch.
But I'm also kind of like, well, it's been out for forever. You should have played it by now.
But I guess Nintendo does have a separate audience.
So, I mean, those games, all of them I think are great and worth your time.
Alright, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
I have, it's kind of just a little, what's the word I'm thinking of, like a personal touch kind of story.
Sure.
And it's something that just made me feel really happy to see.
Because, um, there is a Welsh craft that is creating these balls that you sew into these different patterns.
And I may not have brought this up, but my family's ancestry is Welsh, a good number of it.
But there is a lady named Karen Royer who is a grandmother who loves to play video games.
Especially taken with Assassin's Creed.
Her name online is the Assassin.
And she, I'm sorry, I was actually using the wrong one.
It's the Ukrainian egg art, not the Welsh balls. Although the Welsh balls are also neat.
But she and her family had different interests.
But she wanted to do egg kits.
And she had gotten interested in doing that.
They're basically, they're called, I'm going to mispronounce it, Pisanki.
Where you poke holes in a raw egg to drain the eggs.
And you blow out the egg white and the yolks.
And then you cover them with layers of colored wax.
And then you use a candle to melt designs over the wax.
And so what she's wanting to do is work with professors at, I need to find what WPI stands for.
I think it's one of the local schools. Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
To create a game that uses basically mathematical patterns.
So they're using computer science and computer learning to try to make those eggs in a virtual environment.
And so they are working on it as a project to turn it into a full-fledged game.
I think that's kind of neat.
When you take two things that you love and marry them together.
But on top of that, when you're learning something, basically a mathematical process in a virtual environment.
Finding something that you love makes it live a lot better.
And I just think it's kind of cool.
I'd like to see more traditional crafts have a way to live through video games.
So I just thought it would be a neat interesting story.
And she actually made a game, Loki.
She was being graded for it.
I had to.
And then she's really working in the calculation.
But then she's also working on bringing in a new one which is lace eggs.
Where you use a drill to make lace like cuts in the eggs.
That's cool.
So it's like a crafty sort of game.
I've seen people use exacto knives to do patterns in eggs.
So there's actually back in the day.
Now this is getting a little bit into history.
But in the Victorian era, it was a popular Easter egg thing.
That you would blow out the eggs like that.
And use a little bit of wax to seal the bottom of the egg.
And make chocolate marbled eggs that way.
And you let them harden in the shell.
Then they open the shell and there's chocolate inside instead of egg.
So I think it's just.
Is that where Cadbury eggs come from?
Possibly actually. I wouldn't be surprised.
I had a Reese's egg.
Yummy.
It's so good.
I would eat a chocolate peanut butter filled egg.
You know what though?
My favorite eggs always and I'm sorry I haven't been to a touch of Britain lately.
Are Mars eggs.
If anyone in England wants to send me Mars eggs, please do.
Because they're amazing.
Okay.
Just saying.
All right.
Oh, you might find them at the not just the touch of Britain.
But that store at the lolly and pop or whatever it is that has all the import stuff.
The mall.
It's expensive though.
It's expensive.
But they have it.
I haven't been there.
Touch of Britain would always just sell them for like 75 cents.
That's not bad at all.
Yeah.
But I could also get like rhubarb custard candies.
And spotted dick.
All right.
Let's just get a couple more stories for you guys before we get to the Skype line.
Which you can give us a call.
Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word on Skype.
But first, Loki.
Sadly, once again, to celebrate the 10 year anniversary of Grand Theft Auto 4.
Rockstar has to remove some music from the game.
Much like they do with San Andreas and even Vice City.
So, apparently on the 26th there's going to be an update that's going to remove quite a few songs from the game.
Apparently the rumor is that these are all part of the Russian pop station.
Was it Vladivostok FM?
I believe that's how you pronounce it.
It's been a while since I played the game.
Honestly, my favorite station in the whole game.
Because it had all the cool electronica music in there.
And they had like piano by Eric Prides and stuff like that.
That was my jam when I was killing people in the game at least.
But they're going to replace it with something.
So I guess we'll find out in a couple weeks what exactly they're replacing it with.
And if it sucks, there's always mods to put it back in.
Or just don't plug in your thing to download the patch.
Or if the patch...
Eh, it's Steam. It's going to download it anyways.
You can stop it from downloading.
Eh, I just don't care.
That's probably what they're thinking most people do.
They probably have to do this because of, again, the licensing.
Music licensing, yeah.
Exactly. So they have to kind of do their due diligence.
But there will be ways around it. You're absolutely right.
Modding will put it right back in.
Yeah.
If not, you know...
Or maybe the new songs are going to be badass. Who knows?
Alright. Well, you want to be careful when you're surfing around the internet.
Because sometimes if you download the wrong thing, too much porn, you might end up with ransomware on your PC.
Nah, you never get ransomware from downloading porn.
Alright, well, alright. Anyway.
We're downloading free games. Piracy. That's how you get it.
Eh, yeah.
If you're not careful.
Anyway, not that you should be doing that.
But anyway, this is an interesting new sort of ransomware.
And you might be hearing about this around the internet.
This is a new malware where your computer is all locked up and all the files are encrypted and stuff.
And you can't unlock them until you play Player Unknown Battlegrounds.
That's it. They don't want your money. They don't want your Bitcoin.
Guess who doesn't have to worry about that?
You just have to play Player Unknown Battlegrounds for one hour.
The software will make the file inaccessible when you get infected by this.
Which usually is, you know, the whole Bitcoin thing.
But for this, don't worry. I don't want money. Just play PUBG for one hour.
What if I don't have PUBG and then now I have to download it?
You're gonna have to buy it, I guess. There it is.
Guess who doesn't have to worry about that shit?
On the Mac?
I love my Mac.
Because PUBG won't run on that.
But on top of that, viruses also.
Nah, you're not immune. You're not immune to viruses on that thing.
But.
There are less of them.
There are a bajillion times easier to remove.
So anyway, malware experts have confirmed this is really what it does.
It really does lock down the files.
But they do say it's pretty easy to get around because it only encrypts the desktop files.
And then unlocks them after three minutes in Battlegrounds, not an hour.
That's about the amount of time it takes to go into a game, get killed, and that's it.
So there's also other workarounds if you want.
Maybe you would rather play Fortnite. I don't know.
There's an unlock code if you really can't be bothered.
I guess that's...
There is an unlock code if you really, really can't be bothered.
What's the point?
That's very good.
Actually, one of the malware experts said,
it's unsure if this is something you will actually be spread or if it's just being made as a joke.
You know, sometimes some programmers up and coming in college,
they actually write viruses to learn as part of the programming and the intricate workings of a computer.
But they contain things like this that are very easy to shut down so they don't actually pose a real threat.
So I wonder if this wasn't just somebody's pet project where it's like,
I want to just see if I can do it, but I don't want it to actually hurt people.
So, kind of interesting.
I don't know.
Yeah, Tigerclaw says it could be worse.
They could force you to get winner, winner, chicken dinner to unlock your computer.
Winner, winner, unlock key.
That's alright. Fortnite's what I prefer anyway.
No, I'm just kidding. I haven't played either of them.
I watch people play Fortnite and I'm like so overwhelmed.
Like, how do they build stuff so fast in that game?
Well, now they have the whole like in the shelter, like portable shelter thing.
Oh, really? That's interesting.
One of my friends, by the way, we're going to open up the Skype line right now.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Again, that's Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
One of my friends that I know through Ingress who's like, he just started doing game streaming.
He was playing Fortnite and I was watching his stream.
And first off, I was laughing my ass off because he was playing like a team Fortnite game.
And he had three other people on his team that were all like nine and ten year olds.
And I could hear their voices were like, they were like screaming on top of each other.
And I could like hear parents in the background. It was crazy.
But I was, I was laughing and having a good time.
I would love this. I could play Fortnite.
I just don't have a place to do it very quietly.
Oh, yeah. You'd have the same thing with screaming kids in the background.
Anyway, we got a call coming in. Let's do it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up, everyone? It's Ranma.
Hey, Ranma. How you doing, buddy?
I'm doing good. How about you?
I am super. Thanks for asking.
Why am I not surprised you said that?
What's on your mind, my friend?
There's a lot of stuff on my mind, but I will say that for another time.
I just want to say, last week, I saw Ready Player One, motherfucking movie of the year.
Is that only the year?
I don't care. It's movie of the year. I don't care.
I went all out. I saw it in 4DX. I was like, I have to go back and see this movie again.
Nice. I'm sure Loki approves.
What did you like, without spoiling, what did you like so much about it?
I actually like more the aspects of the cameo appearances
because I'm one of those who looks for things like the Easter eggs.
So I spent half the time pointing out the different characters and stuff like that
and just fanboying the poor little nerd that I am.
Fair enough. So you're a fan of the Easter egg extravaganza that they do in the game.
Yeah, I just wasn't expecting so many. I really enjoyed the storyline.
I just enjoyed the movie as a whole and the whole virtual reality experience.
And I'm like, if you think about it, we're not too far from that, you know?
Oh.
I just have to go back and see it again in 3D this time.
Alright.
Have you seen it yet? I don't remember.
I haven't. Loki has. I haven't.
Sadly, it is not the movie I'm seeing tonight.
I'm seeing Love, Simon tonight because I figure with Avengers coming out,
Love, Simon's going to be gone.
There's only so much theater space.
I totally get that. I totally do.
Yeah, but Ready Player One, I still haven't seen it.
You have to see Ready Player One in 4D. Seriously.
I will. I'm so uncool, Rama. I still haven't seen Black Panther.
Neither have I. Do you know I've been raked across the coals for it.
Really? Why?
I don't want to get political or anything like that.
It's just that a lot of people look at me like, well, you're black.
You should go see Black Panther.
And my response is, I'm not really big on the Marvel movies.
Age of Ultron left a sour taste in my mouth and I just have been a big Marvel fan.
Even though I need to go see it because two of my friends were in the film as stunt doubles,
but I will eventually get around to when it's up to it.
It's just that my tastes in movies are different from everybody else's.
And like I said, I was more hyped.
Honestly, I'm more hyped for Ready Player One and Alita Battle Angel,
which just got pushed to December over Black Panther, Infinity War and all of that.
It's not my nerdom, you know?
That's fair. I mean, I get it.
But I don't want to say I see both sides because at the same time it's your money.
Spend it how you want.
But I do also understand the desire of people to want to elevate Black Panther
because we need to show Hollywood that they should be making more movies
that star Black people that are not like, you know, maids and gang members
and the things that we saw in the 90s.
Kids need the representation.
Exactly. Representation. So I get it.
And I totally get that.
Yeah.
But I just feel like I shouldn't have to go see it to show the representation like I'm required to.
I'd rather go see it of my own volition.
There is absolutely hundreds of other types of Black arts you could support.
I get it.
Yeah. And the movie is so popular.
It's just, hell, a couple of times I have work.
People are threatening to pull my Black card because I haven't seen it.
And I'm like, look.
I didn't know there were Black cards, too, because did you know there's gay cards as well?
Oh, I believe it.
And I've said to people, look, my Black card was pulled about 15 years ago.
If you want it here, just get on the line.
If I somehow get it again, I will raffle it off so whoever wins the raffle can pull my card.
Because I kind of don't want it.
All right. All right.
Anyway, what else I want to ask you?
Oh, anything else you want to share with us tonight?
The thing is, I was also reminiscing about the talk about Space Channel 5.
And then I heard the talk about DDR.
And I'm just reminded about 10 years ago, a bunch of my friends, one of them, Jez,
I think you met him at Capsicon once.
We actually did a Space Channel 5 versus Dance Dance Revolution skit.
Nice. That's awesome.
And we were going to go all out.
After Team DDR and Team Space Channel 5 battled each other,
we were going to have a giant space Michael to come out.
We were going to join forces and dance to take him out and all of that.
But we did not have enough time to get that done together.
Well, you know what? There's always next year.
No, no, I'm done.
I'm like Danny, when it comes to masquerade skits now,
I'm like Danny Glover from Lethal Weapon.
I'm getting too old for this shit.
I have to prepare my body three months in advance of stretches, calisthenics,
training, remembering how to dance.
You're missing your calling.
You're missing your calling, stage parent.
Shh.
Honestly, I'd rather sit there, record the masquerade,
have my flask, I'd be a snarky ass motherfucker on Twitter about the skits.
Oh, I see. Like the old guys who sit up in the balcony on the Muppets.
I understand completely.
Yes, that was in World War.
All right, Rama, I'm going to let you go, but thanks so much for the call.
You take care, okay?
You stay awesome, my friend.
I will always. You stay fabulous yourself.
Oh, you know it, honey.
All right, bye.
Orange Laundry Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to get through.
Again, that's Orange Laundry Radio, all one word on Skype.
I should check in with Loki and see if there's any last minute stories.
No.
No?
There's nothing.
How about you, Dark Soccer?
Anything last minute you want to talk about?
No, and these are all expensive.
What's expensive?
The tank tops I'm looking at, and there's one that looks like Cora's outfit.
Oh, for your Disney stuff again?
But it's a cold shoulder shirt, you know, like her outfit was, but it's going to be in May.
I'm going to burn.
Oh, yeah.
So I'm looking for tank tops.
It was crazy hot today just out catching Pokmon, and then it's supposed to rain.
I don't know if it rained during the show, but...
The clouds were coming in.
Jeez.
Yeah.
It's crazy how weather can change, doesn't it?
Weather.
It's fascinating.
Crazy stuff.
All right, well, that's going to do it, I guess, for the Skype line tonight.
If you didn't get through, you can always send us an email.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place where you can send us an email,
and you can also tweet us at O-L-R, or, of course, join in on the Discord, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
But we're going to move around and start to wrap up here tonight for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you, guys, as always, for listening to our show.
We appreciate all the support.
We would really, really appreciate it if you tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we need the voices here in order to air them.
You know what else is great?
It's a nice five-star review on iTunes.
In the past year, we've gotten one, so it would be fantastic.
I say it every week, so if you guys could please, please leave us a nice review.
It would super be appreciated here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you so much.
I should say one in the U.S. store, because I don't always get a chance to check Canada and U.K.
I try to check them once in a while.
I think there's some website where you can see them all, but I always forget to do that.
So if I'm neglecting an overseas review, I apologize.
I tend to focus on the U.S. store, because it is kind of a bitch to hop around all the different markets.
But a nice five-star review somewhere else, like Google Play or one of those places would be great, too.
Super appreciate that.
And yeah, just be here and participate with our show, and we'll keep making them for you.
We'll be back next week with Episode 727.
But before we wrap it up here tonight, we've got to go around and get everybody's final thought.
And I'll start with my final thought.
My final thought is movie adventure.
Yay, movies.
Even though it's a Sunday night and I have a class to teach tomorrow, I'm going to be dead tired.
But that's all right.
Fun, fun.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is hopefully I'll play more games this week.
And hopefully I'll be awake enough to actually work on a game.
I've been trying.
It's just not been working.
My head's been killing me.
Or I've been just exhausted at the end of the day.
Does your promotion start Monday, or did it start this last week?
Well, it technically started last week.
But we're still in the transition phase of moving me over to the stuff.
So I've been kind of still doing my old job.
And so, I mean, I've been sort of doing the new stuff, too.
And kind of what I did with my old job is sort of what I do with my new job.
I don't know. It's slowly getting there.
At least the paycheck's coming up.
Oh, the paycheck definitely came.
In fact, I think they retroactively paid me for the whole last period.
So I got paid for my previous position and the new position.
Nice.
On top of it.
So I may be looking to get a switch soon.
Oh, there you go.
I want to.
But I have to pass that.
The wife will not be happy with that because I bought a DDR machine.
I was not supposed to get any more anythings for a long time.
I'll buy her something she wants.
Tiller's research for the show.
Yeah, research.
No, that'll never fly.
Tiller, you won it.
All right.
Dark Soccer, last but not least, your final thought tonight?
It's going to be a long wait for DragCon.
It'll be here before you know it.
It's like three weeks away.
Yeah, but at least this week is this week.
I also learned something, Rob.
And here's a little tip for people who are poor.
If you go out for Mongolian barbecue and they let you take home your leftovers,
save it, cook up some rice and make fried rice out of it the next day.
It's actually delicious.
It tastes like drunk food.
I need to have more Mongolian barbecue.
Sounds delicious.
Anyway, that's going to do it for another week here at Orange L'Antrayo.
We'll see you in seven days to do it all again next time.
Until then, bye.
See you next week.
Thank you.